THE CONFEDERATE.-
m
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1S65.
Subnotion art! reconstruct i n sire no rem i
iliio for our picsCLtTufTerinoR. They are not
even pal'iblivts. I; is well that re shcu'd
Lt al.iink from tletiuth. There is but one
remedy fcr n. Tiff-me remedy which wo
l- pr.!i io T.rply ir. lb'Cl ; it is a harsh cce, it
i a j ainlul cno, tut there is no royal road t
l-'ftn Wif, ai'tl do j r.mr.i:3 path for a people
ou their way tj icdcpvodaLce. The sooner
v.e accept tLi ui; palatable truth, the more
completely we rcaliza it ; the nearer we are
Ui peace, to personal freedom, and political
iiiii p'uidarce. Our relative position, as com
pared with that of the Yankee nation, is not
wt-rse thaa it wss tit the beginning of the war;
and that remedy is l&llle fierce bloodj un
yielding battle t. tbe death ; and endurance
-endurance against the utmost spite of for
tiLe, if need be, to the et d.
It were well Lr all nn, in considering the
.present posture cf pff.tir.-? to remember that
li only way for Yanh.cs io evercomethe South,
s ly dts'roying it? awis. The North may
cYenun every State of the Confederacy, but
' o 1 ,ng t.s there are Confederate arxies ia
the field, the autkerkv of t'.e United States
government over iv, cannot bs n stored. This
is a simple truth, and n .-elf evident one, and
like many simple truths, it is overlooked, cr
account o:lts feiatplicity. Bat we may easi
ly overcome ourselves, by a want of courage,
and failure in endurance. The real disease
in the bdy politic which we have to cure, is
net the weakness which mokos its. i ecissarily
a prpy to the immense power of the Ncrth,
hut it is fear, apprelunsion, of wh&t we have
to endure. It is t.ot what Sherman has done,
wfcich is eMKinrj the limid to yield to the fear
ful counpels in North Carolina, tut it ia what
he mag do, and 0o ills which we rrny be
called upon io endure in consequence which
is exciting our apprfihtt sions. No nation is
ever really conquered that is determined not
to be, even without an'organized army already
in the field witness a hundred instances in
History but for a nation cith organized ar
mies in the field numbjrir.g at least two hun
dred and fifty thousand ncn, and a territory
covering thousands of miles, which it will re
quire million? of men to g.rrh-on, to Bay it
in immediate danger of burg corquered, is
absurd it is worse- it is cowardly. If we are
told that in consequence of the relative strength
of the pai lies, and the present military posi
tion, it is highly probable we will be even
tually overc. me then we say, neither you
nor we, are ve'ry competent judge? of the mili
tary position that is the very problem to be
adved that is ia the hands of God but if
we would have Ilim prevent, fetich a result,
we must help him do it.
Let us calmly survey the recent disasters,
from which the weak minded and the feeble
kneed deduce such teuitle consequences.
We have just prused through a year of warfare
it has raged in aost every prt of the Con
federacy in nine instances cut often we have
at least held cur own ai d foiled the enemy.
Banks' expedition into Texas has been broken
up. The expedition up lied river, in boats
nnd overland has been dk-nstrocsly repulsed,
leaving many prisoner?, ard all the spoils of
war, in our bar-ds. Ftderal treopp congrega
ted on the St. John's river in Florida, and
massed into one army, moved into the inte
rior. Hurled back at 01 in-tee, they retreated,
shattered and blading, io their ships. Hun
ter moved early last sprirg against Lynch
burg. Early leaped upon Ris rear, he could
not even retrace hife step?, but seeking safety
in flight he retieated hungry, exhausted, dis
pirited and demoralized, to the Kanawha
Sheridan succeeded Hunter ia his design upon
Lynchburg ; here for a wt.iie the tide of bat
tle flawed back and forth, but the Federal
chief did not dare to proceed beyond Staun
i .n, at.d the ei:d of the campaign finds Lynch
buigsafe, and the Federal army advanced no
farther than "Winchester. Grant commenced,
during the p t year, his crerstions against
Richmond. After sacrificing hecatombs of
men, his numerous paptr viticries brought
him to a point which he might" have reached
by water, without ti c lot-s of a man, and
Gen. Grant still t;-3 and staves against
Richmond iu vain. .
At length, after nearly r. year of unvary
ing tucctsies, Sherman succtcds, at a sacri
fice of probably fifty thousand men, in plant
ing the Federal flag in tho defences of At
lanta; but baurg reached that city, be wa?
compelled to declare, that neither its posses
m sioc, nor the possession of all the p'sces for
which he had fought in the way to it, were of
any avail tor conquering the Confederacy.
Here begin cur reverses. Sherman marched
Unmolested through the State of Georgia, and
in the mean time, Hood at the very mcmer.t
when a crowning victory ?eemod to be with
in his hand, finds it snatched from his grasp,
and his army driven cut of Tennessee; but the
later accounts which we receive, of the size
the condition and the morale of bis army as
sure us, that it is yet in a condition, to render
service in the future conduct of the war ; we
lest but few men, and what the South cannot
afford to lose is men, and Teuncssee has been
too often occupied and surrendered during the
war, for any one to regard its present pos
session by the ene-ny as decisive of the
contest, liut Sherman after his march
through Georgia captured Savannah. The
South was as fctrong after losing New Orleans
as it waa when that city was held by Con
federate sd iters. Savannah was no more
important to us, than any. other port on the
Atlantic or the Gulf of Mexico.'and its loss is
bo severer inflection than the lofs of New
Oriear-rf. Had Sherman captured the garri
son the loss would have been severely felt ;
but es it ia Uardeo carried the garrison safely
f out of Savauriab, and its capture has actually
rat into the field a small army of effective-sol-fliers.
Fort Either aUo has fallen, tba only ini-
mediate result ot whica, paving the loss of
JUbeiit twenty -fire hundred men a loss which
e could ill afford is, that aa end is put to
blockade running at Wilmington, which was
' a banefit of very doubtful advantage. AH of
! the-e by no manner of means involve the rain -!
of our cauat. It is not by capturing cities,
whose garrisons escape, that the country its to
be overcome it must be by destroying armies,
and holdingihe field and open country
which afford sustenance for armies, that the
enemy succeeds.
We bow reach the real point that is adding scch
btrength lo'the reconstruction party in North
Carolina. It is ftartd that Sherman-will march
upon Branchville, that be wilWever the Rail
roads there, cut off Le's supplies, force him to
evacuate llichmond, march through the two
Crolin&3, as he did through Georgia, and take
our, towns ; and so he may, if we fallow the
suae course of action that was pursued by the
Georgian. But if he leaves a garrison in all
the towns-as he has io Savannah which ia large
cBovgh fer its own protection, he will fearfully
we lieu his army, aad no garrison that he can
haTe bebiud will b strungeueugh for its own
l. a. ' . X A A" 1 . Tf ttn A r,AC
pt otcctLon if we are true to oarselves. If he does
all thi?, it proves tbat we have, much to endure
f much to suffer, as others bare suffered and en-
du-ed during this war, but it doe not prove that
we are corquered, for our armies are still in the
field, and it is impossible for a single army to
garrison our open country. If Gen. Lee too, is
forced to evacuate his position in his defences
about Richmond and Petersburg what does
this prove but that he must change the position
of his army ! It does not destro it.
But in the name of God and freedom, are we
to he such very slaves to our fears and appre
hensions, as to retcaio quietly idle, betray our
country, asd belie our manhood, while all this
isdone ? In addition to what way be effected by
the ariuies in the field, is there no hot blood in
us, to sting us into sufficient courage, to induce
us to make a msnly effort, to rescue ourselves,
eu:- wives, our children, our property and the
sanctity of our homes, from the base hands of
hir liag ruffians, and the foul grasp of pro
fessional murderers, marauders, robbers and
tbi'-res ? Is all the precious blood that has been
riit in this deadly struggle counted for naught;
and is the sluggish, muddy current which stag
nates in the veins that have never yet been
op. ned for their country, so doubly daar, that
not one drop of it can be ricked for the preser
vatioa of all tbat nsakes life desirable ?
It may be bo, and if it be, then are we indeed
conquered, but it is not by the armies of Abra
ham Lincoln ; but rather by our own fears and
our own cowardice.
Gone to the Yankeci.
A Kinston correspondent of the Goldsboro'
State Journal says:
I just learned on yesterday that W. J.
Vpstai, ui employee in the Raleigh Progress
oflice, and brother-iadaw of Mr. Pennington,
thr Editor, has run the blockade down here
and gone to Newbern. I am told lie was seen
prowling below the lines in a clandestine man
ner, andwas fired upon by our scoots, but
mad? his escape good by fleeing to the ene
my's cutpest tt Deep Gully, where he was
honnd.
1 also learn that Mr. P. J. Sinolair, Editor
of the Wilmington Carolinian, has run the
bio kade in our front, and gone to the Yan
ktre. He came here week before last and
obi aired a permit from the commander of
this post, alledging at the time that he wished
to go below the lines to purchase pork for his
own use, that article being very high in Wil-miogb-n.
The commander believing the man
to be bincere in his representations, gave him
a paper to pass tte pickets and let him go;
and I im informed tbat be went straight way
and joined the enemy's outpost at Deep Gilly.
I was not the least astonished at this move
ment of Mr. Sinclair's after reading in his
paper of a late date an endorsement of the
jsectiments promulgated by Mr. Diak, of
Gutltord, in his late speech in the Legislature.
We can now begin to account for the man
ner of the Progress, in speaking of its
"rorthern brethren." Wonder if, when
parting with Vestal, the Progress did cot
sir.g
' If you get there before I do,
Look out for me, I'm coming toe ? '
The tendency of gold oems to be down
ward, aBd indeed, so rapid has been the df
scent for the last few days, that, it may truly
be said, "it went down with a rush." Of
course there is a good cause for this thing,
cne that satisfies speculators that Confederate
meney is better than they once believed it to
be ; or, else why the fall f The value of gold
is the same. We hail this decline a one of
the best indications of the times, for it da
menst rates beyond a doubt, that the people
have increased confidence in the ultimate suc
c es of our cause.
There was a report on the street yesterday,
for the truth of which we cannot vouch, that
a private dispatch from Richmond quoted
gold at 17 for 1. If that be true speculators
may well begin to tremble.
The W insten Sentinel regrets to announce
that the lour prisoners froa Yadkin county,
cqj fined in th jiil at that place, effected theif
e?rapeon last Thursday night, the 19th inst
Tbir names were Wm. Williard, Benjamin
Williard, Lee Williard and Enoch Brown,
and i key were waiting trial for resisting
militia officers iu arresting deserters, and par
ticipating in the killing of two citizens of
Yadkin coanty some two years ago. The
8her:ff cf Forsyth offers a reward of $400 for
them or $100 for either of them.
- i -, - ,, .,
We learn tbat Captain Leroy Joaes com
mandant of the Wake Senior Reserves, whieh
company did good service below Wilmington
during the first attack made upen Fort Fisher
died at his residence on Friday evening last
of typhoid lever.
The number of shells thrown into Charles
ton :cru the commencement of the bom
bardment to the 1st of January, 136$, was
12,2C2.
GEKKR1L ASSEMBLY OF ' NORTH CAROLINA.
SENATE.
TcEiDAY, Jan. 31, 1865.
Prayer by Rev. Mr. Atkinson, of the Preeby-
r
terian church. .
Mr. Brysoo introduced a bill to purchase cot
ton and cotton yarns fur soldiers families and
indigent per sods (appropriates $800,000 to this
end, the goods to be scbi at low rates.) Also,
a bill to autorite. jailors to receive and keep
military prisoners committed by the olncers ol
the Confederate States ervice.
Bill to suspend section 119, cbap 34, Revised
Cede (imposing penalties for official dereliction)
passed its third reading; as, also, under a sus
pension of the rules, bills to prevent obstruc
tions to the passage oi nsn upAewbegan creea,
to declare the power of injunction, (declaring
the writ of injunction is of force in all cases where
jut copeosation is not tendered for property
impressed, save where the impressing agent
gives security to pay sueh compensation, on
-final award, and where illegal tax is required),
and to prevent the sacrifice of property (by the
cxctien of specie in satisfaction of execution.)
A message was received from the Houte
transmitting appointments as magistrates in
all of which the Senate concurred, atd added
some more names thereto. "
Tne ppecial order beiog a bill to impose a
tax in Had vfof thev relief of needy families of
of soldiers was taken up, and the bill with
amendments, passed its second reading, a mo
tion to suspend the rules to admit of its being
put upon its final passage not being agreed to
by tfce genat,
On motion cf Mr. Warren, the resolutions in
reference to a suspension of the privilege of the
writ ef habeas corpus were made the special order
for to-morrow at 12 m.
Mr. Stubbs moved that a message be sent
the House rroposing a joint order of adjourn
ment from Friday next, February 3d, over to
the second Tuesday in May 1865, which motion
was debated and finally reffered to the joint se
lect committee on adjournment.
And the Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF COMMONS.
Mr. Mann of Pasquotank, in the Chair.
Mr. Russ introduced a bill to increase the
mniiia lorce o! tne rvatM. m the eveni oi
eniment peril. (Prop:ss in such case to call
out all men able to bear arms, age and ex-
emption, Stute or uonieuerate, to tt. con-.
trary notwithstanding.) Keicrred to .the
Military committee.
A message was sent the Senate transmit
ting twenty one more nominations as Justice
of the peace, eight new names being proposed
for Wake county.
The bill to restore the penalty ($100) im
posed on sheriffs for failure to serve and re
turn process (said penalty being now in
abejance) was discussed and laid ou the
table, yfeas 59,. nays 36.
Mr. Me-Leaa introduced a resolution in-.
structing the State Cosigfessional delegation
to procure, if possible, such enactment as
will guarantiee a Don taxable, six per cent.
$1000 bond to each soldier serving out , the
war, and to the representatives if those fallen
therein. .
Mr. Smith ef Johnston, moved to amend
by adding to the proposed bounty one negro
fellew, and resolution and proposed amend
mentevere referred to the Committee on Fi
nance.
Mr. J. H. Headen then proceeded to ad
dress the House on a resolution introduced by
himself prepensing an adjournment, should
the Senate concur, on Friday next, the third
of February, ov.r r the first Monday in
April, aad alter sums discussion, the resolu
tion was referred to the committee on adjourn
ment.
A message was received from the Senate,
transmittiKg eight more nominations all of
which were concurred in by the House.
A number of engrossed bills and resolutions
were then received from the Senate, among
theaa resolutions protesting pgrainst arming
slaves, passed some days since in the Senate.
On the pa.-s ge ot these; on their first reading
Mr. Waugb called for the yeas and Days.
Mr. Bron, of Mecklenberg, moved the
resolutions he laid on the table. Not agreed
to, yeas 24, nays 69,
The rest Iu liens- were then adopted, yeas 76,
nays 21, the vob being as follows :
Yias Messrs. Allison, Alford, Asbeworth,
Banks, Beam, Benbuty, Best, Blair, Bend of
Bertie, Bond of Gates, Boyd, Brown of Mad
ison, Bryan, Caldwell, Calloway, Carseu of
Alexander, Clapp, Cowles, Craig, Cunning
ham, Davis of Halifax, Enloe, Erwin, Faison,
Faucette, Flynt, Fowle, Gibbs, Grissom, Gud
ger, Hadley, Hanes, Harrington, Harrison,
Headen J. H., Henry, Herbert, Holten, Hor
ton of Watauga, Horton of Wilkes, John.toD,
Jordan, Jojrner Judkins, Latham, Lewis,
Littl, Love, Lyle, Mann, McAden, McCor,
mick, McGehee, McLean, McMillan, Morisey,
Murphy, Murriil, Patterson, Pattouj Peace,
Perkins, Phillips, Polk, Rogers, Russell,
Sharp?, Shober, Simmons, Smith of Cabarrus,
Smith of Duplin, Smith of Johnston, Stipe,
Strong, Waugh and Young -7G.
Nays Messrs. Baxter, Brown of Meck
lenburg, Caho, Carson of Rutherford, Cobb,
Ctner, Crawford of Rowan, Crawford of
Wayne, Dvis of Franklin, Farmer, Gaskins,
Georgr, Gidney, Grier, Harris, Hawes, Lane,
Powell, Rcinhardt, Russ ana Stan cell 21.
And the House then adjourned.
SENATE.
Wednesday, Feb. 1, 1865.
Mr. Bogle, from the committee on the judi
ciary, reported a bill to make jailors responsi
ble for the keeping of deserters, with a request
that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the same. So ordered.
Mr. Stubbs introduced a biii to give further
time (two years) wherein to perfect land titles,
Mr. McEachern, a bill to imposo penalties
for failure to work on public roads ($20 for
each offence.)
Mr. Wigging presented a petition from Hali
fax praying certain appointments as magis
trates. A motion to table 1 he sarr.e was not
agreed, to yeas 13, nays 24, and the nomina
tions were concurred in.
Mr. Bagley moved that the usual mileage
be paid members of the General Assembly for
travel during the late recess. Agreed to.
Mr. Patterson, from the joint select com
mittee to investigate the proceedings of the
Commissioners of the Sinking Fund, made a
re pert which was erdered, on motion of Mr.
Wiggins, to be printed. (This report declare-s
that ail the accounts of these Cuinmifcsioners
have been found to be strictly correct, that
the investment and management of the funds
entrusted to. them have been conducted "with
great care and skill," and concludes by saying
the thanks of the State are due such Commis
sioners ' for their disinterested service during
the past eight years, in establishing and ad
vancing our -policy in regard to a seduction of
the public debt-") '
The adjournment resolutions ware dicussed
and further consideration postponed, till tc
morrow.
Mr. Dick moved that a mesairs be sent the
House proposing to remove the icjunction of
tecrwy from the proceedings of the late seoret
resctoni of tke weneral AsMBbby.
Mr. Ellis called for the yeas aad nays 'and
the resolution was not agreed t .bjvyeu 19
nays 20.
B:!ls to impose a tax in kind far the benefit
of the needy families of soldiers, to. prevent
sacrifice of property, and re;olutienY' in favor
cf discharged soldiers passed their third read
ing. 4
Resolutions proposis a committee to inves
tigate the management of railroads was amend
ed atd then passed its final reading.
'A racsiRge from the House proposing to go
ft-rthwith icto an election f -Trust ps of the
Uaiversi ty was, tn motion, laid on the table.
Concurring in a message from th Douse to
that effect tha Senate proceeded'to vote for
Svt directors of the Iasawe Asylum, No election."
The spfcial order Mr. Fowlt's htbeat cenms
resolutUn? being before th Senate.
Mr. Ouom moved an amrttdmeiit to the ef
fect that there is nethinz in the prf sent con
dition ef the country to make a suspension cf
the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus ex
pedient, but that such suspension would be
mischievus, and proceeded to address the
Senate thereon, concluding by saying that for
himself be would bavejioerty or death.
And the Senate then adjourned.
. HOUSE OF COMMONS.
" Mr.Speaker Donnell appeared this morning
in the chair.
Mr. Isbtrll was allowed to record bis vo'e in
tavor of the resolutions protesting agaicot the
armincr of slaves, adonted vpsterdnv:
O , J - w . J .
. Mr Pi.lk moved to send a message to the
Senate proposing a j int order of -adjournment j
on Friday next at 8 a. m., over ts tne second J
Tuesdav in Mav.
af -
Mr. Waugh m$ved the resolution be referred
to the committee'ou adjournment.
Mr. Polk called (or the yeas and nays on
the vote of this motion, declaring a ret. rence
in this case would amount to a virtual objec
tion of the resolution
Mr. McAden, from the committee on ad
journment, said the committee bad telegraphed
to the State Commissioners and it was due
them not to ad j urn till some opportunity
had been afforded them to repart as to their
mitsion or make some reply to the nr.essage
sent..
Mr. II-nry said he had receiveel a note
from one of the Commissioners deprecating an
adjournment before the return of the Commis-
fsioDers, and in opposition to such a course
went ou to say that matters of the highest i'm-
portance were now in process of enactment
and the Legislature should remain in session
to await the developments of the times.
The question then being taken on the refer
ence of the resolution, it was referred by yeas
59, nays 38.
Mr. Stipe introduced a resolution instruct
ing his Excellency, the Governor, to corres
pond with-the Confederate authorities and
make every effort to provide the Junior lie
serves, paid to be now in a suffering condition,
with medical attendance, medicfr.es, wag-jens,
and ambulances, which resolution, afk-r being
so amerded as to extend the pro visions of the
resolution to the Senior Reserves, wes adopted.
Mr. McGehee introduced a bill concerning"
eiecutions sales (gives a stay of twelve months
on fi. fa.) -
Mr. Joidun, a bill for the protection of per
sons exempted from military service (propeses
to punish any real or pretended Co nfederate
States officer who by force or fraud shall in
.fiict or delude into the military service of
said Confederate States, any person new
exempted therefrom by law.)
Mr. Faison, a bill to authorize the imposi
tion of aroadtax by the countyjeourt of Du
plin. Mr. Phillips, bill to amend the act of incor
poration of the Pittsboro and Haywood Plank
Road Company.
On motion of Mr. Waugh a message was
sent the Senate propossing to go forthwith
into an election to fill the vacant trusteeship
of the University. .
Mr. Russell nominated Hon. George Davi?,
of New Hanover, W. Grissom nominated
Thos J. -Morisey, of Robinson,' Mr. Wauh,
Gon. DG. Fowle, of Wake, and Mr. Gris
som, Col. Jas. S. Amis, of Granville.
A message was receiveel from the Senate
refusing to go at once into an election cf
Trustee.
Mr. Cowles then moved a message be sent
the Senate proposing to go into an election
for five directors of the Insame Asylum, to
which proposition the Seuate acceded and ihj
House proceeded to vote thereon, Messr.'
Nicholas Allston, W. H Harrison, Wm. S.
Battle, David S Worth, J. V. Jordan J. H.
P Russ. A. B. Martin. A. D. McLean. Tbos.
B. Harris Jdo. A. Taylor, G. H. Feribault,
Jas. S. Cannon, Patrick Murphy, and D. F.
Caldwell being in nomination. The vote be
ing tken there wtia no election.
The bill ia relation to salaries rnd fees was
then taken up and passed, and the lit use ad
journed. ,
, .
The RoaD3. We learn from the Mont
gomery papers that the road to Columbus is
once more in repair, and the trains are run
ning as usual. The Colunibus mails came "
through in timo yesterday.
On the A'abama and Florida road the pon
toon at Escambia was washed away, and the
track at Catoma was slightly damaged.
It was expected that all damages would be
repaired by the 12th.
Tne trestle on the other side of the Tom
bigbee having been washed away by the high
waters, trains are only running to Demopolia.
The Mobile and Onio Railroad has been re
paired -and trains-are running to Corinth as
U5ual. Selma Dispatch.
The time for which Lincoln was appointed to
represent the North American States ends on
the fourth day of March, 1865. Oa tne 5th day
of March, lb65, the States ot the Confederacy
shall have ceased to be so represented by him,
as they had nothing to do with his reappoint
ment in any way whatsover and had so publicly
given notice to all nations, and their repre
sentative abroad will be in the head of the Con
federate Government, Jefferson Davis. Here
riren the neutrality of England will cease. On
the day stated the independent notibnalities,
acknowledged heretofore, to be such by ber in
solemn Convention which has never been abro
gated, will have only such agents abroad to
represent their interests as shall proceed frm "
them. England will recognize their claims and
the Confederacy which they have formed to
represent them. She will gracefully, abd with
reason for not sooner yieldicg, retire from her
neutrality, and acknowledge our separate inde
pendence and Confederate a?3co:atioD.
We look confidently for this result, says the
"Constitutionalist," and feel satisfied tbat Mr.
Seward hasleng Apprehended such a cot juncture
and has endeavared, in all ways, to defeat its
realisation. In spite ef his cunning duplicity,
it will surely come. CharUslon Couritr.
m
Horace Walpole wrote: "Use a little bit
of alum twice or thrice a week, no bigger
than half your Dail, till it has all dissolved iu
the mouth, and then spit it out. This has so
fortified my teeth that they are as strong as
the pen of Junius. I learned it of Mrs.
Grosvenor, who had not a speck ia her teeth
till her death.
T
ELEGllAPIITC.
HJ2POATS OF TUB PRE8S ASSOCIATION.
From llichmond.
RICHMOND, Jan. SO The rumor current here
last night that the French minister at Washing
tn had demanded bis passport, was not generally
credited. 'Tis known that both hoases of the
Federal Congress had passed the diplomatic ap
propriation bill with an amendment virtually ig
noring Maximillian. Some suppose, this may
have given an offence to the French Minister.
Confederate Coagresi.
RICHMOND, Jn. SO. In the Roase to-day
Mr. DeJarnette submitted the following which he
support-! in an able and elaborate speech :
Wxsjueas all nation have ever witnessed with
alarm the establishment of any formidable power
in their viciuity, and whereas, the people of the
Confederate States as well as the people ef the
United States, have ever cherished, the re
solve that any farther acquisition of terri
tory in North America by any foreign power
would be ineonpif tant with their prosperity and
developeraent, and whereas the invasion of Mexi
co by Fraace has resulted aa alleged in the eitab
lUhment of a Government founded in tbe eon
eent.ofthe governed; neverthelpse we have
reason to believe, ulterior designs are entertained
agaiast California aad other Pacific States which
we do cot regard parties to the war now waged
against us, as they have, reithr furoishod men
nor money for its prosecution, therefore, the Con
gress of the Confederate. States do
'Rtflve That the time may not be distant when
we will be prepared to unite on a ban? of the ia
dependence of the Confederate States with those
most interested ia the vindication of the princi
ples of the Monrcc doctrine, to the exclusion of
all seemiug violations o.f those principles oa tbe
continent of North America. Referred to the
committee on Foreign Affairs. The Uoaie then
resolved itself into secret session.
RICHMOND, Jan. 30.Nothing ef impor
tance done in open session to-day. Mr. Graham
was elected President of the Senate, pro tern, of
all interim, durisu the absence ef the Viee Pres
ident and the President pro tem.
Northern Xewi.
RICHMOND, Jaa. SO. Northern papers ef the
24th and 25th received.
The main building of the Smithsonian Institute
at Washington, was destroyed by fire ea Tees Jay
morning. Numerous valuable paintings and docu
ments were eonsnmed. The Museanand Library
were saved origin of the ire accidental.
San Francisco "telegrams of the 2Sd, annoance
the arrival there of Capt. Be&artgard, brother ef
Gen. Beauregard, in the capacity of private seere"
tary to Ex-Renator Gwyn. Ee reports that
Gjwn has been created Duke by Maximilliaa aad
appointed viceroy overtime States ceded to Fraace,
inpayment for troops furnished by the French
Government. The story is not believed farther
than that Gwyn has obtained certain land grants
and authorized to encourage emigration freaa the
Confederate States.
The steamship Atlanta, from Mobile Bay, with
1000 bales of cotton, from the rebel Gore ru men t,
Arrived at NcwTork on the 24th.
General'Dix has suprcssed the rebel personals in
the New York Daily Newt.
A Washington telegram sajs, the entire subject
of the exchange of prisoners is now in the hands
cf Gen. Grant, aad there is reason to believe that
a fnll exchange will soon be exGected. -
Sumner and Wilson both opposed the neasares
of retaliation proposed by Cqngress.
The Toronto gunboat story is proaeaaeei U
be a canard. .
Gold unchanged.
Mr. Smitb Resumed his Sent.
RICHMOND, Jan. 31. Mr. Smith of AlaVa
tr.a, publishes a eard to his constituents, this
norning, in which he ays the question of ope-lilvg-
informal negotiations for peace with the
enemy having assumed shape, agreeable to his
'own, and, as h believe, to their wishes, he shall
waive all personal conilderaties and resume his
seat in-the House of Representatives, this dar.
Peace Commissioner?
PETERSBURG, Jan. 30. The peace Commis
sioners are still here. Applications tc pass
through the enemies liner were made yesterday,
and to-day, at a late hour, in the afternoon an an
swer was returned, the purport of which has not
been promulgated. Final movements ef the Com
missioners it seems, will probably be determined
tomorrow in consequence of pending communica
tions. A general truce was observed en the lines
to-dy.
It is stated that the Commissioners in parsing
our lines were greeted with vociferions cheers by
the troops and that similar demonstrations were
made bj the Yankees on their arrival within
the Yankee lines.
Gen. Breckinridge will ente? apon the duties of
his new position as Secretary of War next Mon
day. Gen. lee to be Ge&eral-In-Chlcf.
RICHMOND, Jan. 31 The nomination of
General Lee for General in-Chief was postponed
last week at the War Department by order of the
President. The delay in sending it to the Senate
arises-from the President's inability to sign his
name in coasequeacc of a severe attack of neural
gia in his right arm and hand. The Presi
dent is still confined to bis room this morning aad
may nor be able for some days' to recover the nse
of his hand.
Peace Commissioners.
PETERSBURG, Jan. 31. Gen. Grant seat in
a flag of truce to-day, anncuneiag that oar
Commissioners "woald be received at 5 p. at.
Accordingly, at that hour, Messrs. Stephens,
Hunter and Campbell proceeded out to the Baxtcr
Road, and, under a flag of truce, entered the en
emy's lines, in front of Wise' brigade of Gen.
Bashre'd Johnson's division. They were received
by Cel. Hancock of Gen. Grant's lUff, and con
ducted to a speeial trin rf cars awaiting them
ifc tie rear. Tne Commissioners will be enter
ed j-t Grant's headquarters to-nigbt, and start for
Washington to-morrow Mr. Stephens' servant
was ted tc accompany him. Col. Ilatch
assistant agent of Exchange, is accompanying
the Commissioners as Secretary. Daring the
passage of the Comtaissicners, the breastworks
of the enemy, as well as our own, were crowded
with soldiers witnessing the novel event.
Confederate Congress.
RICHMOND, Jaa. SI. In tbe Hoase, after
debate, the Senate bill, authorising the transmis
sion of newspapers to the soldiers free of postage,
was again passed, notwithstandiag the objections
f the President yeas 63, nays 13, thereby becom
ing a law.
Resolutions were adopted cordially thanking the
' officers and men of the 9th, 14th and 57th Regi
enfc Vircinja Infantry, for tr peieit d-
cacred eau ef Liberty an Iadepd, tU
EwiLg submitted re8loMona, ralatif
States Kcwrefcnwmee oMiasonri at4 r
which, after debate, were UMp0B ths'uw!
House then resolved into-secret sestioa
The Senate agreed to a reference of ,k. n
eolidatUn bill to the committee of confr, B' '
Tbe H6use bill for the sooue.trttio. irZ'l
erty ef persons liable to iliUry Gertie! 7"
have depattcd, or shall dart from the fw,
rateStates, without permission, paMe ,
nays 7.
From Richeund and the Yiur
RICHMOND, Jan. 31.-Gen. Ue"s
tica ss General ia Cklttvu"1
ia the Senate. Jterdy
Reports from the Valley represent that i
from Thomas' army are passing 0Tfr tk V
more A Ohio Railroad. ' Bltl
A representation from the North Carelhu L
islature arrived here yesterday and had &
terview laU nighi with tbe Cngres.ientl delp.
tioa from that State. "
Uen. Lee has issued an appeal f.r the
dtr e f all the cavalry arms and f,uirmeXt, u
private bane's. He ..t, prompt coaplUfa
with this call will greatlj promo, the elicit..
and strength of tbe army particaUrlj the, cataU
IT,
A large public meeting last Bight, held ia the
House of Dele-gates, was a -'dressed by flcn. Thei.
S. Flourney and several uwtnhcrs cf Cecgreu
from Virginia and Gcurgia. Great eathusiwai
prevailed. The meeting broke up tt a late hear.
All the speakers declared in favcr ef the project!
tion ot the war until'independence was schema1.
From Charleston.
CHARLESTON, Jan. 31.-A11 the taovea,.,,
of the enemy indicate Augusta aad Branchvillc
the points of designate. The ttth arm j corps
occupies RoberUvilie. A heavy feree of infA1.
iry, artillery and cavalry are reperte eirsmp
noaa. till? force is believed tc he tkc 15th aa
17th army corps. Yesterday aerniag the en
my advanced a contiderable force ef iaraitrj
aad artillery from WLite Point aad drove in oir
skirmith line throe miles, to Kiara' Creek. Oar
iafantry afterwards advanced and drove the ea.
emy hack to White Point, re-establirtiag car
picket line. Since that, all kus been quiet en the
Cambahee, at that point- The enemy made
demoniitratica on our position at tie penteea
bridge, over Salketchie this afternoon, hut with,
out result. It is reported thtt they barat hie.
Phersonville laet night.
Northern ew.
RICHMOND, Jan. 31. Th- York Trl-
bune of the 26;h savs, an arrival frw Pernamha
co reports, that the Confederate fouuT Shenaa
do&h had destroyed antral American Mer.
chantroen alopg the ccat of Uraiil, in cease
queue, which, vessels, bound ter the United States
were obtaining British Register. The Bsrreit
Lane at Havana, wjs iounJ on Ire ea the 18th
she whs towtd ashor ad cuttled. '
A residence oating thirty thousand dollars kti
beer, presented to Gen'l. Grant by the citiiens cf
r tiilaael hia
Gen.McCIellaa sailed for Etrope en Wedaes-
The American hutel at Buffalo and other bu'diazs
were dc-otroyed by fire yn Wednesday,
SCOTCH AND IIIGU-TOAST
SNUFF.
The " DIXIT; LADY" Scotch 4SnuflT, isrriua.
factured br CLARK A MILLER, Graham, N C.
This tint ly liviated Snufl' is manufactured C
the.bost material?, with a determination to make
it the buft dentrilice now offered to the pubiie,
great care being taken to have all the ingredieuti
free from dirt or other impurities
It is prepared under the immediate managemeot
and supervision of a careful person who bag had
much experience fn the employ of the LovtLLAkM,
in their Snufl' Factory, in New York City.
The HinH TOAST is a Walt Snufl". Aloo, rt
up in packages of hah' pound each, in boxes of
rif'ty pounds, tbe juetly celebrated rid "STONE.
WALL" Smoking Tobacco, and CIGARS of the
finest quality that is put up in the Confederate
States, $ U. J. B. CLARK.
jan l8-dztaw6w-
A
P1M V ATE IS C 11 O OL.
Th? FIFTH SESSION of Ml ;S MANGl'14'3
SCHOOL for young Ladies,' will begin on the
10th of February. Only a United nuattr ef
pupils can be received.
For further information, address UUt U. T,
kangum. Flat River Orange County N.C -
eh twfW.
w
E ABE AUTHORIZED TO
Announce Capt. L. E. RIGGAN as a cur. dite
for tbe oflioe of County Trustee, at the next Feb
iurv term fr Wake County. If e-lecUJ a
pledg-es himself to a faithful discharge ef bit da
ti--".
feb l w3t
A
TTENTI.ONI
As 1 shall very soon remove from the county;
thod indebted to me are earnestly requested , lc
call immediately and close their accounts. '
For wheat or crn, the highest cash prices, pre
vlo is to 160, will be allowed for professional ser
vice at el l prices.
If paid in Confederate money, Confederate
prices w.ll be charged.
feb l-w2t B. F. GRAHAM.
G LEN ANNA FEMALE SEM
INARY, TUOMASVILLE, N. C.
1 HE noxt Session begins Jaauary 25tb, 165.
Board $7 per month, payable in provisions at
prices, or $150 per month, Confederate mney. ia
advance. Tuition English Branches, $50; M a
sic. $50; Latin or French. $25.
Each young lady will furnuh one pair of shcfttl
and pillow ca es. r
J. W. THOMAS, Pres't.
dec2I-d2tw,6t
T
JN
O T I C E
The undersigned has twe good Spianing Ma
chines for sale, which he will s-ll for Confedersie
mtney, and Cob federate i oaey only. These
chines ginahe cotton, eard and spin it,sce8 cottoa
oa!y can be used. They are capable of spineinC
from six to eight, four cut, hanks per day-ip
either warp or illing.
Terms rade known on application.. ,
Apply either, to the undersigned at Cebooral
Store. Union Coaott. C, or to C. AMtiJ
miiiber cf the House f Comasons. at RaltigB,
N. C. during the session cf the Legislature.
C. Q LEMMO.VD.
N. B. Said Machines will be delivered either t
Charlotte, Mecklenburg county, or at Salisbury
Rowan coanty, to suit-purchasers.
feb 1-wlt ,
m. U N A W AY.
Taken no and committed to Jail, ia CoaeMj
Cabarrus count v. N. U. a negro boy wtia 7
his name is JOHN SMITH. "d says be beUrn
to Elixa Elliion and Wiilian Canada, of yjk
county, and tbat he was purchased of io
Sn ith, of Uvdc ce.nntv. about 5 jeara ago. -
boy is alxit 20 y.rVold. feet 5 incbes bgj
slow of speech, v. flow coiuplexlon. had en ,
cotton pants. d.,v. c.lort ' casmere lt. lU
eashe was hind last year to the High ones
Iroa MnutactunogCompanr. ft,rwsri
The owner is hereby notified to come J frrv
prove property, pay charges andUke M .
V& h.wa ot CaWnrf WcsS?f c'