; . ".v .- . -I" , iS , f) '
THE CONFEDERATE.
A. M. GOKMAX CO., Proprietors.
TERMS :
DAILY EDITION, for 6 months
n 3 ' -
n t - i " ' 3
TR '--WEEKLY, for 6 months 10
tt tt 3 t a
WEEKLY EDITION, for 6 months.. 5
Wsuoscriptions will be received o any other
trs than the above, nor for a longer or shorter
jeril.
The MeeJln?.
The presence cf the Senior Editor of this
n?.Ier at the meeting of the citizens of Raleigh,
h !il for the purpose of completing a system-!
of local defence, was p'urely accidental. Our
position on this matter had heretofore been
tak-n in this paper. When we entered, Gov.
Brass's proposition was op, that the citizen
not Vubb to II- me Guard duty, should enroll
themselves for volunteer pervice, in case of an
it.va.-nn here, under ufficers to be appointed
by Adjt. Gen. Gatlin ; while those liable, would
be i-ft under the IT mo Gugrd organization.
It became immediately a mattertof interest
with us, to know whereabout tr? aonld fall
bv this arrangement ; and n- t being familiar
with the law, e propounded to Gov. Bragg the
i".t-rrgatory whether we, being an exempt
under the law bf Congress, would be liable to
service, in esse of invasion, in the Home
Guard ? Awl we stated our reason for wish
ing th? information to be, that we might ex
tricate ourselves from that dilemma, if such
should be th ca?e. This se-med to wake the
ire of G-l. Harrison, the Mayor, who presided ;
end he replied, that if we wot? detailed, we
would not be liablp ; bit if not, then we would,
nr. J he proceeded with a geticu!ation to de
clare, that he would bring into tho Home
Gu-trd all that wouhd.be liable.
Wo therefore proceeded to state that oar
objections to service in the Howe Guard-, had
been taken in our paper ; and besides, we had
be.T.I it stat'-d, that Col. Harrison had pro
posed, when tho former raid was threatened,
to surrender "the town. (In this we are free to
sav we mar have misstated the rumor, though
we are not responsible for that, as it was givan
to s precisely as we stated it but we should
1 ave stated, that Mr. Holden is reported to
lave said to certain ladi-s, that if the enemy
came here, he should advise the Mayor to
surrender the city. ' As we had no intention
whatever to do Mr. Harrison injustice, wa give
him the benefit of this correction.) Col.
Harrison disclaimed any fetich language, and
pronounced its author tobe guilty of falsehood,
as also I im who repeated it. We did not
applv this to onrsclf, as we bad only given a
statement which we learned. If Col. Harri
son did intend the remark to bear that appli
cation, we trust he will so signify, in order
a
that wc may understand him. '
N;.w we had a cle-u right tobe present at'the
raw-.: ing ; wc had an undoubted right to object
to any service to which we might be assigned,
and to assign our reasons. And that being
dn.e in temperate language and manner, no
ou? h id a right to be offended. It was ase-ri-'us
meeting fr serious business, involving
tb- ho hr-st interests of citizens. So far as the
voluntary ass -cia'.ion under tne orders of Gen.
Gatiiu is uoucernvd, wo have no interest in it,
and nothing to dowith.it. The compliment
to Gen Gatlin i woll bestowed, Peking that he
is an ..!d army officer, the Adjutant General
of the State, the. superior in command of the
defences of Newborn, who was only detained
from the engagement at that place by illness.
In the c tl.tr matter we hare a deep interest
for otirseif, our family, and .or the community,
("which latter cares less f 1 us than we'do for
i:). We h ive objected to this organization,
and repeat, our objections are to the political
sentiments and action of the office s4 Col.
llani-on is an active friend and synij athizer
of Mr. Holden. Ve hold Mr. Holdene dis
loyalty to tne cauve to be clearly established.
We should not be willing to serve uiuh-r Col.
Harrison because of his political status. Capt
Richardson is currently reported to have ut-tt-red
Mich sentimeOs wiih reference to the
negro population as to shock the. decent white
opinion ot" this community. Of course we
w u!u not serve willingly under him. Capt.
Finch t k ( v we are told) prominent part iu
the mobbing of Mr. Spelmau's office : We
disapprove all mobs, and think that an officer
of the Home Guard who docs not better com
mand himself, is unfit to be our commander.
Lt. Win. Mason is, we understand, on prin
ciple, opposed to taking up aims for the de
struens n of human life. We have no right to
question the siucerity of his sentiments and
do not presume to do so ; but while they may
he creditable-to his humanity, they are not
compatible with an occasion of battle. We
are'r.ot disposed to follow his lead
Now, we have no personal ill feeliug towards
any single one of tt.ese persons ; but this is a
state of war, and men who regard personal,
social and governmental safety, must take po
sition with their eye open. We set up no
claim to merit, nor boast of any accomplish
ment. We surrendered all we had, on the de
mand cf the officer commanding- at Newbern,
for the public good ; and we have faced the
enemy in eight battles. And we are wiliing
to share whatever danger may befall Raleigh;
but ve hope ceveT to be "gobbled up" by
the Home Guard.
... t .
Supreme Court. Appointments at' this
term : State Librarian, Oliver H. Perry ; Mar
shal.. James Litchford ; Reporte, Patrick H.
Winston.
II C. Jones, Esq., the ibrmer Reporter, we
are informed, declined a re-appointment.
Read all to know all, if you wish to be
wise.
mm
TOL 1.
Local Defence, '
Since Pope came from the far off forests of
Minnesota, where he .had been engaged in
the genial occupation of civilizing to death
and extei mi nation the remnant of the aborigi
nies who hunt buffalo on the frontier,- to
make a raid on Staunton and the Military
School at Lexington ; and Crook, through
some devious and ciooked by-paths out of the
Rocky, or Stony, or some other Mountain, the
Alleghanies, or at least the Blue Ridge, has
pushed tojojn Pope ; who knows whether these
very two may not come fartl?er, in order to
cut the locks and dams of the slack water
navigation of the Roanoke the Canal be
tween VVeldon and Halifax and what is of
more importance, the Raleigh and Gaston .
Railroad, and eventually reach this place. f,
Or, whether some other raider from out of the :
bowels of the hills iu North Georgia mav not
strike a bee line by way of Fayetteville, "cut ?
the communication between that place and
the Coalfield-, and subsisting in that fruitful !
country on what they find, shall not make -their
way hither. The danger of a raid here,
is noto imminent as it was; but is much
more likely than many suppose. Not so im- I
minent, for Major Gen. R. F. Hoke, the " mil- !
itary despot with Ransom the brilliant lead- :
er of the most gallant charge of the war, in the :
regular style of the Georgia mob, have "knock-
ed into pi " all the preconceived arrangements
for a raid on this place, and left what was
then a certainty now a matter of agreeable
doubt. Nevertheless, it is wise tobe cautious
in time ; and the prndent resolve of this com
munity to prepare for defence, is worthy of
the projectors and participants, end should -s?cure
the joint action of all. There will be
points of difference in the details of organ
izing for this defence ; but in the general ob
ject, no one refuses to concur.
As we understand, there are several classes
of citizens who wish to take a part, but would
like to choose the place of service. Those not
liable to Home Guard service, have volunteered
an enrolment under officers to be appointed by
Gen. Gatlin; and in poin$ of age and merit,
this will be probably the veteran corps Then :
follow the Home Guard proper, of which we
have nothing to say. There is a third class
exempts from military service by net of Con
gress, but probably liable to thePtate law,' in
the event of actual invasion. This last class
contains many persons, and we are one of them,
who do not wish to die in the ranks of the Home :
Guard. And. if we cou'd have obtairO a hear-
ing the other night, it was our purpose to state 1
to those persons, how we and they could gratify
cur inclination, and help" the common object.
But wheu we would ask a questn of one man,
another" would answerf and then some would
applaud. Those wbojplauded, are they who
are fond of our society ; who find it pleasant to
be in respectable company like ours, and wanted
us, like themselves, to be a Home Guard. Then
there Vere others, who would protest with pro
found sorrow, and would manifest energy
against the whole proceeding. And the chair
man, whr is Colonel of the Home Gunrd,
seemed to consider our aversion to that organiz
ation, a personal offense to him ; as though a
man must go in. and fight, and not be permitted
to select his comrades or his commanders all.
this too, by the "people's friends." ,
Now, we have one word to say to the Mayor
of Raleigh. Iu his official intercourse with us,
he will be struck with the fact that .we have
clear rules of independent action : We are awed
neither by man nor office: and we exercise eur
personal rights with the spirit of a freeman.
Whenever he can adapt himself to this our habit,
our intercourse may become more agreeable.
It is a very great error in thi3 community,
which tupposes a man to be disorderly who
ventures an opposition to a prescribed .action.
They constitute the disorderly, who by use
less exhibitions of anger, or more silly de
precations of excitement, stir a commotion.
In this matter we feel conscious of bavng
exercised an . undoubted riht of anion, and
of having done so in such manner as to have
injured no one. For, suppose we had stated
rightly, as to Gol. Hariison's having proposed
to surrender the town ?t did not necessarily'
impugn his courage or his patriotism, but only
his judgment. And will it be said that this
officer of he home guard, is out of reach pt
such suggestion, when Gen. Braxton Brafijr,
Johnston, Beauregard and U?e are criticised tn
these treets from day to day, and their battles
fought for them from hour to hour I Jf any
one has cause. of complaint, we have: not of
the rude and boisterous demonstrations made
by a few ; for that with u was held in proper
contempt. It made no more impression than
the hissing of a flock of. jreese. Bub we had
cause of complaint that we could not, without
the production of a ludicrous excitemeut, start
a plan for the satisfaction of those who, ike
ourselves, were indisposed to a particular Iocj
tion, and wished to be placed elsewhere ; and
that too at a public meeting, where Tree and
fair discussion was implied by the terms of'
the call. -
As the Confederate newspaper is less touchy
and less excitable, we will proceed to do'uow,
what we iutended, if .we had been treated with
ordinary courtesy, to have done then ; aud
that was to propose an amendment to Gov.
Bragg's proposition, to this effect : That all
exempt by the law of Congress who f-el so
disposed, may waive their exemption tem
L if
RALEIGH; WEDNESDAY, JUNE 22, 1864.
porarily, for th occasion of "local defence
knd enrol under Cot. Mallett. the commandant
of the post; who will assign officer to our
command. We will guarantee that such
service volunteered to the War Department,
will be accepted ; and that experienced mili
tary officers will be" furnished us. Let us,
then, details, exempts, clerks, printers, preach
ers and other?, not of the first class, (General
Gatlin's boys) enrol ourselves,, aud as Major
General D. H. Hill says, "do it quick." The
enemy may be at Fayetteville even now ; and
it is only a thousand miles frm there here, by
the stage road. Come, there is no 'profession
so pleasant as the military. Pulckrum que
mori suceurr'it in armi. "How beautiful it
is to di in ar im."
By the by, after all, it was refreshing to see
in that meeting so large a number of citizens,
and of all branches of business old men, the
fathers of the city who hard y ever go out of
nights, and the youths in their bloom and
freshuess, whose mothers scarcely know when
they are not out.' It was a goodly sight, that ;
that" there is yet enaugh of the milk of human
kindnes not yet run dry, to nourish harmony
and accord for the defense of the city. Raleigh
must be defended ; and since we have neither
Gen. Hoke, nor Ransom, nor any other-despot
left, why we must do it ourselves.
In th e mean time, we will ay one word to
all raiders, and all disposed to raid : If thiev
ing be what you want, Raleigh is no place to
0Come to. Th Quartermaster has distributed
his8torc, and the other stores haven't clothes
enough to supply the summer wants of one
family. And subsistence, let any one look at
the rats about town, lean to behold. There
is nothing 4iere rotund, but the Frogs ; and
they are swelled not fat ; they feed on air, and
are puffed. One disaster to Gen-Loc, and they
shrink to dry skin. There is nothiug upon
the face of ihis. earth in Raleigh for a raider
to come after ; not even the blockade brandy
to. revive depression ; for Gov. Vauce never
sets any more out, since they told on him.
If no one joins us, we shall . volunteer alone
to Gen. Holmes and Col. Mai left, and bid
farewell to thu Home Guard. Music "-Good
bye, Betsey."
The Ererltt Letter.
We see by the State Journal, and we hear
from persons iu this place, that Mr. James H.
Eyeritt denies the authenticity of the letter to
Mr. Holden which we published a daj or two
since; and thai he even pronounces it to be a
forgery. We had no purpose to .do Mr.
Everitt a wrong, and should be glad 10 have
him clear his skirts of this matter, for he is an
associate at the bar who, in common wit.h
ourself, has taken the oath of allegiance to the
Confederate Government.
It is now due to truth to state the circum
stances undr which this letter was furnished
to the public : At the time when it was to
be transmitted, it was taken, as we were in
formed by Mr. Needham Smith, to Mr.
Powell, his friend, with the request thai Mr.
Powell would enclose the four dollars for the
Weekly Standard, and then se4l and forward
the letter. The address of the letter, the si"
nature, and the heavily underscored portion
which wc. italicised, attracted Mr. Powell's
attention--he cnulel not help seeing the lan
guage, and thu discovered the disloyal corj
tents; and thereupon, as e were told, he
rook the letter to the Post Master, as the
officer of the Government through whose
hanels it w"?s to pass; and he also showed . it
to Mr. Strong, the District Attorney ; and
upon consultation, a copy was determined to
be sent to the Government at Richmond, and
another was kept by the Post Master, and the
original, with the enclosure, mailed to Mr. Hol
den. When the Post Mastrr furnished us the
copy which we published, it was commonly
"known in the town of GoMsboro, and wc had
the opinion of some of the best citizensherc,
that it ought t he published.
Now, the matter is reduced by thestatement
of Mr. Everitt to a very narrow compass : Mr.
Powell will certify to the letter having been
placed in his hands. Mr. Taylor aud Mr.
Strong will unquestionably sustain the state
ment of Mr. Powell as to bisection in the mat
ter, nd perhaps these gentlemen will speak to
the band writing. But at all events, so soon as
it is shown that Mr. Needham Smith placed tfce
original, of which ours was a copy, in Mr.
Powell's bands, it becomes Mr. Smith to furnish
the explanation, if Mr. Everitt pronounces it a
forgery. The public will thus see that the letter
came to us legitimately for the purpose of pub
lication having been in the hands of the
Government for some, time and we trust the
several gentlemen will put the matter aj rest.
And if Mr. Holden will show that no letter of
this kind, purporting to come from Mr. James
H. Everritt, was ever received by him; if he
will furnish the original which enclosed the
four dodars and ordered the Weekly for Need
ham Smith, and if it differs from the copy which
we have published, be will stand acquitted.
Otherwise," whether the original be genuine
from Mr. Everritt or not, Mr. Holden's position
will not be changed.
Let ths telcth come !
Grant has now five corps instead of three)
which he had when he crossed the Rapidan.
The Ore have less men than the three had in
he beginning.
mm
111
; : JUeot. Ccn.' Polk.
As tha sea-first begins to roam and fratj
Then higher swells higher, and higher yet; r
Till at laat so high the billows rise,
. They seem to bid defiance to the a&ies.
. We feel the full impression of the above
picture, is the waves of grief and sorrow,
ocial and national, rise and swell 00 everj
s-d- MJ 9 noble private soldier, namrlesA
and unhiftoric, has yielded life for country is
consecration of the cause ; many a gallant
officer, subordinate in rank but equal in soul
to the; pfoudeskand best, have fallen and per
hhed. generals and Commanders have led
to death, and heading died, shedding holy
lustre on the cause by the nobility of the sac
rifice. Of this last, is he to whom oar tribute
is now paid. Lieut. Gen, , Leonid as PrLX is
recorded among the dead. ' I hve said ye
are godjs, and ye ae all children of the M . t
High but ye shall die like men and fall like
one of the Princes." In proud and chivalrous
geneallgy, in lefty intellect, in sterling cour
age, in tmWime patriotism, he was indeed a
god. in the meaning of the text commanding
the admiration of his country, and occupying
one of her most distinguished posts. In truth,
too, was be a "Child of the Most High."
Ordained to be a minister of tho Chureh, and I
consecrated a Bishop of her diocese, he illus
trated by his religious walk and conversation,
the stcred Episcopal office. And when he
cast aside, in emulation of the christian war
rior of the early days cf the church, the
priestly robe for the soldier's armor, the whole
nation felt the thrill of satisfaction in a noble
and unselfish impulse; and the heart of the!
people followed his fortunes with reverent i
affection, and intense sympathy and anxiety.1
And he' has died like maa. Stricken with ;
the fatal shot that knows no distinction, be
yielded to the mortal blow: and died - fallen
tike one cf the princes on the field of battle, i
in the service of glorious eause, in the main-1
tenancc of religious free don; in the defence of;
country. '
We leave to other hands to write the eulogj :
of Gen. Polk. So event of the war has in ,
spired more general sorrow. The nation bar '
been called to mourn no greater loss. Fitter
pens will inscribe his fame to posterity, and as ;
enduring monument will perpetuate his virtue '
and his example.
Lieut. A. II. Hurrl. t
We are pained to learn that th's gailantl
officer and most excellent young man, is n
more. In tin absence of his Captain, he lc
his Company (Co. C, 47th N. C. Regiment)
into he terrible fiht and glorious victory of1
the 12th of May, ami while gallantly leading his
men in a charge, received a serious wound ii
the ankle, which caused him to be borne X.
- f
the rear. His wound instead of improving",
gre'w worse, until the 2d or 3d of the presen .'
month, when- amputation of the leg became!
necessary. He sank un !er the effects of the?
operation and continued to decline until the j
8tn instant, when he expired, perfectly in his ;
mind, and resigned, as a christian hero, as he !
was. He died in the Hospital at Lynchburg, j
and was buried v th M sonic hono s. He j
h-d in his pocket a certificate of membership !
in the Methodist Church, given by the Chap- j
lain of his Regiment, Rev. R. S. Webb. I
We knew this young man long and well,
and can . truly say, that we never knew ai
more lovely 'excel lent character. His widow
ed mother, away in the enemy's lines, rrfay
well mourn wifh grief inconsolable over the
loss of such a son.; but if any thing can miti
gate her sorrow in such an hour, it must be
the asstirauce that iu every situation in life hr'
acted his part well that amidst the harsh
din aud clangor of arms he ' remembered hif
Creator in the days of his youth," gave his
heart to God, and died the christian hero, as
well as soldier-martyr to his country's cau
lue to his manes he sleeps well.
fhc Only Northern Truth Teller.
Amid the universal trickery and "deception,
at the North, there is one thing that alme
invariably tells the truth gold. This great
finaucial barometer seldom fails to' indicate
te true state of the political weather, let ve
nl newspapers and lying politicians pervert
and falsify, as they miy. According to these
latter Grant's m-trch into Virginia has been
triumphal- from the beginning till now, wbil.-t
the cowardly Lee and his ragged Rebels have
been fleeing for their lives-to Richmond. Th.?
Money Market tells its story, and what is it ?
When Grant crossed the Rapid if. gold was : '
164 ; it has gone up andYackee credit gorm
down with every victory, uutil finally, Grai 1
makes a glorious fight on the 3d, carries tl .
Rebel works at Cold Harbour, repels ever
assault with heavy loss, and straightway
puts it up to 197 ! What a remarkable effe
to be produced by such a cause ! Grant an '
Butler are wounderful financiers, but vei.
poor Generals.
The Senator from Craven.
Wc are pleased-to learn that Mr. Natha
Whitford is a candidate for re-election. Mr
Whitfordisa worthy aud honest representative
and it is due to him to have the endorsemei '
ot his constituents upon bis faithful discharg
of duty during the several sessions of th
Legislature now past. We presume lie wil'
have no opposition.
NO. 21.
: The Peace Ceraralltfe.
The Charlotte Bulletin gives important infer
mAtiori ef the existence of a grand Peace com
mittee, composed of the most prominent And
patriotic eitisens of the South, who are eotivoly
engaged in the great work of establishing a
peace between the South and the North. It
says the utmoit harmony add- good feeling pre
'vails among the different members of said com
mittee on our part, and notwithstanding they are
widely separated one from another some are
beyond the Mississippi, unable to communicate
wfth tfcoee on this side, except with difficulty
yet tb-ir concert of action Is strikingly great
That it is confidently expected said committee
will soon be prepared to make their report,
which sball.be accepted by the United States,
and acknowledged by all civilized nations. We
ire not permitted to go into details further than
to state that Morgan and Forrest are chief Cor
responding Secretaries, . and Taylor, Price,
Smith, .Johnston and Beauregard are som of
the committee, of which Geu. Robt. E..Lee is
Chairman.
Cpt. D.vid PenJer, Post Quarter Master,
Terboro, has furnished the Southerner with tie
following amounts collected in Tax in Kind, in
tb first and second Congressional districts of
this SUte. These collections have been made
from only eight counties, vix : Pi't, Edgecombe,
Wilson, Halifax, Northampton; Hertford, Bertie
and Martin, which counties compose only half
of the two Districts. The other counties-being
in th enemy's lines no collections have been
made. The collections are up to the first
May.
13,777 bushels Sweet Potatoes, C50 do Irish
Potatoes, 142,853 do Corn, 5,000 do Wheat,
4,0-'3 do Oats, 387 do Rye, 6,119 pounds Rice,
3,155,760 do Fodder. 68,474 do Hay Outs,
65,413 do Cotton, 4,002 do Wool, 253 do To
bacco, 3,020 bushel Peas, 9 do Beans, 39 do
Ground Peas, 592,523 pounds Bacon, 14288
do Salt Pork. .
Disturbance at VIck,!)urg.
The reguUr correspondent of the Missixtip
jnan furnishes that paper with the following
extract fforn a letter dated Car-ton. 2d int ; " A
gent'euan came out from Vicksburg a few
days ago, who says there was a great fuss
tbere last week. Some negroes insuited snme
ladies, and the citizens undertook to punish
them, and two orjhreeuf th-.; citizens were
killed. The Yankee soldiers then tu-u-tl in
on the negroes, and - s'ew them f. .-re and aft."
The troops reported, is Isindii.g t Vicksburg
were some of BinkV men w tins' tirn'.i h id x
pi red and were going home. They got on a
general " bust," and thus added to tne ditur
baiice.'' A Yat,ke paper accuse Gen. Lee of lying
in one of bis late telegraphic reports of the
fighting iu Virginia. It will bu a long time
before be will grt his own people to believe
that. Gen. Lee has always been so scrupu
lously truthful in his statements that the peo
ple of the Tftu have long ago ceased to cred
it a njj, reports the military operations until
hrs ar count was received. 'I he miscreant
whe 'accuses Gen Lec of falseh.od, simply
exhibits his villain' ard his venom. Il can
not injure 'the spotless character ho so un-
buhingly arsaiTs.
Extract ofa letter from David.-on canity:
On last Thursday, two-out Iyer by the
name of Miller, were -hot by the. Mditiv
One was instantly killed, the other badly
woundod. They have bevn in the bushes
ever since the first eall for conscripts. 3'h'!re
was eight of the Millers, all of whom bushed
it. Some twelvo or eighteen months ago one
ot them was shot by the Rmdolph Militia,,
the balance of them have been prowling about
iu the neighbourhood. D. J. II.
Gov. Vance's Spkkch at Davidson Col
lege. It would be vain, in the small space
at our command, for ns to attempt even an
outline of the Governor's speech at the above
named place. It is suffi;int to sav, that it
was (as we expected it would be) logical,
com UiMve, aau to the point. The Governor
made just such a speech there as we desired
to hear, in tiwes like these, and we hope and
rust he will continue thtui until thu last day
tf-hi8 appointments shall have been filled.
There was not one man (and we falkAi with
many) but what seemed well pleased with
what he heard and raw.
We notice that the Governor is pomewhat
hoarse, the result of over exertion, and would
advise him to rest a while, as go'od men, as
well as measures, should be well cared for
and fostered in these trying times. Charlotte
Bulletin.
Qua Victory ih Trans Mississippi. A pri
vate letter from Gen. E. Kir by Smith, to a friend
in Lynchburg, dated Camden, Ark., May 5,
1864, says:
"We have just had one of the most success
ful and brilliant campaigns of the war, lasting
only 50 days. With - men we have defeated
60,000, in three general, engagements an l
several minor battles, marched 500 miles, fought
in Louisiana and Arkansas, killed and captured
14.000 of th enemy, taken 35 pieces of artillery,
and 1200 wagons, Le. None of my staff were
hurt. Cunningham, Jones, Trevct and myself
had horses shot under us "
.Convalescing. Gen Lougstreet is expec
ted to report for duty in eiyht or ten days.
All the priv te accounts we have fror Gen.
Lane are enc uraing. His brother and Aid,
Lieut Oscar Lane, who lot his leg and some
toes of the o'ht-r loot, has had to undergo
two amputation- of the Jelt leg, but we are
j;lad to learn is doing well.
THE CONFEDERATE.
. ADVERTISING-.
ADVERTISEMENTS will be Inserted at mia
noLtAas per sonar e of ten lines (or leae) for each
insertion. Marriage notioes and obituaries will b 9
charged a advertisements.
mmmmmm
JOB WORK.
JOB WORK of every dereliction will
U can DA Unnm AnwhA t l a J
ederacv oonuiern uoa
I ELEGRAPHIC-
REPORTS OF TflE FRESS ASSOCIATION.
E,itifiJ dvcc?rnir 10 act of Conffreaa In the year
or the District Court of the Confed.rate States
for the Northern District of Georgia.
OOclal Dispatch froci Gen. LeeThe Ene
. oj Defected and Driven back.
Richmond, June 14.
Headqca&tkrs, June 13, 10 p. m.
' Secretary of War : A dispatch just received
from Gen. Hampton, states that he defeated
th enemy's cavalry near Trevilliau, with
deavy loss, capturing- 600 prisoners, brides
the wounded. The enemy retnated in eon
fusion apparently by the unite he came, leav
ing the dead and wounded on the field. .At
daylihtthis morning, it wa dicorered that
Grant's army had left our front. Our skir
misher advanced two miles, but failing to dis
cover the 4,eroy, they were withdrawu. A
btdy of cavalry and some infantry, from Long
Bridge, advanced to Riddle's shop. They
were driven back this creuing nearly two
miles after slATp-rtcirrniahing.
(Signed) " R. E. LEE.
Movements or Raiders In Western Vlr.
glnla.
Lynchburg. Juno IS.
Rumors of the movements of the enemy are
plentiful, but nothing definite is known out
side of official circle. It is reported that the
force which occupied Iicxington is tu ving in
the direction of Bufurd'u, on the Virginia and
Tennessee Railroads, thirty-nice miles west of
Lynchburg.
The force in Amherst is reported moving
toward ' Buffalo Springs, 26 miles faun
Lynchburg, under Gen. Stohl, 2,000 sir .ing
all ctvalry. Tbry, Mih.Mt off of the country,
having no supplies with them. They have
two pieces of artillery. Only eight of them
visited tho Orange Railroad. They burn the
Dtpot at Arrinat..b'i, removed 200 jards
of the Railroad track, nd destroyed M?veral
cattl guards. The d..iu ige to the telegraph
can be r paired iu thr-1-, or font hours.
The people here (Lynchburg) arc calm and
resolute, and will defend the city at all haz
ard. From. Gen. Johnston's Arm Gen. Pclk,
KMctf.
Atlanta, June 14.
The enemy opcntalowlv, with nrffru-ry, on
our position yesteriliy afternoon. -Aftc r the?
stonn passed, it continued up- to night fall.
They opened again uirly this n.oruing the
artilVry firing continued when the traits kft
Marietta. Both armies are gradually moving
towards our rigiit. A the rains have c used,
it is- hupposcd active operations will again
commeuc -. Tin trains from the fron. to
day, bring veryfe wouujed.
The foil.. wing dispatch from Maj. Westwcll
of Gen. Polk's staff, 0a reeuv-d by Colonel
Thrasher at ii.oou to day : Lt. Gen. Polk was
struck by a caninj.i hut today abut 11
o'clock, and instantly killed. Gins. Jchm-ton,
Hutlee aud Jackson, with hi m when ho fell.
Good News fiom; Gen. Forrest. '
Mobile. June 13.
A special dispatch to the Mobilv Adeoiier
data! Tup' lo, June 13. rave that Forrest, with
Brll'e.Cross'ano, Lou's, Rucket's and Johti--toxjH
brigadeo, ai.'d Rice's and Morton's
batttries, whipped the enemy 12 01)0 fctrntig,
of all arm-. He inflicted grat hlaunier
upon the enemy, anl captured all rhigs
previously reported. Forrest's loss rp rtd
from six to teu bund ml among tl.tm Oil.
Holt of B'dS's brigade, Adjl! Pope.ot the 7th
Tennessee, and King of- Rice's battery, The
7th Ky. reg't is reported'to have been ami ns
caded and bi.dly c:it up. The enemy has
scattered, Forrest pursuing beyond RipVy.
The heavy rain-. may retard the tucmy's re
treat. Forrest is 011. all tides of him.
sKCoND I)lPATCH
Guntovn, June 14, cia Mobile.
Gen. Forrest's victory was greajer thau was
first supposed. Our loss ISO killed, 450
wounded.' The enemy's his 1000 killed, and
3,000 captured. The balance are scattered
through the wood and aie ti!l bang pur
sued, havingi traveled 68 miles in 31 hours.
The entire nr.y is destroyed. Fort Pillow
was the battle cry during the fight, and hence
their anxiety to escape- The pursuit is still
going on, and many more will Le captured be
fore reaching Memphis.
We have captured about 3,000 prisoners,
250 wagons, with 'supplies and ordnance
stores, 3,000 stand of small arms, atd about
30 pi- ccs of splendid artillery.
The fight was stubborn ; the enemy stood till
knocked down with the butts of our guns.
We bad about 3,000 in the fight; the enemy
10.260.
Confederate Congms Adjourned.
Congress adjourned die tLi afternoon.
No business of fmportance to-day.
The President vetoed the bill to establish tho
Bureau of Foreign Supplies. Also, the bill
for the relief of persons in the enemy's iinci
boldiog old issue Treasury notes.
Mr. Oonrad stated in debate to-day, that
Mr. Memminger had informed him that he
Would rt-fcigu afpr the adjournment of Ccu-grew.