WVD ATI?
.
'
i
;
:
ME (
t
J
Li.
Farmer."
We have v.iv j'rtai. rc-.iK-.-t for ' 'L'ahmer,"
i-i ! have n:i J--.nb: thatal! be
S VS Of hi ITOtxl
i . . . .v . 1 i.. :".
t!i; sohiW, is M.ri-tly tt.e. It
1 3 y.i.-!
what
v. t? wou1d x
hii :. lie need not
v.v recif' it with ieh an " u action.' to
i i r l-! . . I.I - r. tl r.- ! J li
w!;. ;n ne aun quotes, fxul
The Cam trade
divided . ci.-tv i i: . two pirla, tK. who
ii v .trxy UtenN for r iconics and those who
ii4S. r-t " h? rted a cle.ir '-fallacy
ut.. he rat; 4nt asoci tthiit the "corn trade '
miht so datura a'td pervert t:dents for reas-
ottos as to naie ti
m allies oi "error.
Then
Lis -ertion mi truth, as our mena- i .inner
ir opinion illustrates.
'i'.umer h.s.-t led hiTwlr 1'jw:i into trie
crt:i.':tion thar '-the highest prices the Farm
,r k.' ft ail will chirs;.'." -o much the
bett-r f r the c rnnvinity'; r.nd into this com
lort -..e Ftat ri lie would fain bring all
t.i but n ,r far ti:e purpose of making
m );mv .mi of thn rri, f-r, s.iy4 he. "hnlney
Smith d not tke Farmer must ke-jp the
inon- y h" lr cbr.i.' IJat unfortunately
tor ".r friend, a i l for his rc-ioning, many,
verv io ny Urcr-i do k-p uull the money
fhe'u-h" hy selling orn at th? highest possible
prire-r; and th-v won't take Confederate
currwi-v either ; and when uch liberal and
patriot men as our -Farmer" justifies the
-har of the highest prices, h holds out a
liwp'nHvx te this cla&s, and he holds out a
tcrnvh'-'ian to others, to make this class rrrore
-.amorous. By ins arguments fur extortionate
charts, above th- valuo of th.e labor, and
above the relative ratio of supply and demand,
he advertises for more "Shylock3 to demand
rtnd receive and engorge thir pound oi Heah."
Kv.h-rthau accept "FarmerV proposition to
'.ice th'm anemfti" yiwerfnl euougntomaKe j
thfm ch , ,,.rf6 " we would te ich them to avoid
t r.w-rt.: wbioh make them sick, and t
tHf n wo should hav no patient and save our
-emef ie.'
" I'.iiir.ftr's" idea charging high prices
and ncin it bark t- government by high
taxation, is a fallacy of the very worst de
scription. 1-t : It entail heavy expense of govern
wnt in the i5Jve f the redundant currency
w liich rbitant pnees produce.
Jnd : It entail- heavy expense ou govern
m?nt in the collection cf theso taxes back
briSrs t o K??es to which it is sul jected by
the fr-in ;. of thp very worst extortioners.
3rd: It icjnriH sciTy, a:td of course gov
ernment.bv the introduction of loose, extrav-a-int
habits, which lead on to imuiorality
3"A crr.t .-.
iiii . A tijj nr e evils, it brings not
s:.v even to tho farmers, lor the mass
r : nrr,. .v ij wrih u ni'uo than a 15S
:-.ni.-unr. -tv-aed on r-asn.b!e prices for
;h- rc io.!i.l?.-.:ey deprt-ciaies the value.
i'.ut ' laruicv " is very ap;r hensive that
' :i tii i ' ice of provi.-iorH brought down
to our !-vval.'rJ. it will 'ost impossilde for
thousan.U of our fathers to raise money
cvougn fr.nj provisi-.r- t" pay their taxes.'
They n.u&t raise Ci-tton, or tobacco, or the
bbenil" n.ust tell their lands.'' Ou stan
dard? What is our staudud? It is just
And fair prices, huV. on tly? value cf labor,
to be csiiiu.iled hy the ittuount iu the country
unemployed by jovrnnient aud the amount
withdrawn, by the amount of demand, taking
into C"i'.-i teration the population disturbed by
the abnormal condition of things, the pressure
of population in certain districts and its with
drawal in others, and by the supply. But
the m'T.r-y to be rai-d in payment, we would
K-tiLia-f is rnowy -a tie premise to pay of
a cRpalle, faitl.'al. upright government
a prcn: "o worth its fs-:e in fpecie. Then if
rKe.; thus b5wd, . t ai of cr.e hundred
Ad Ct;y to two LuLdro i and fifty dollar for
flour p. r barrel, ii n.ight cost in the present
condiu.a .f atTi'r5 f.viy or twtuty-five.
r.ut dm Farmer' suppose that if the
pub' i.
iSdvi.'e vtie bu to
hi'ng
prices
dowu, iliat taxati-33 s-ja!d nt folio v soonasa
!:i.itii: cl course ? Why it di.es not need
that crii:h, cr his ghost, or auy other
ghost ffhould re to HI us that the present
heavy taxation is the result mostly of exorbi
tant prices originating in a prevailing ten
dncy u extortiun, aud a general want cf con
fidence in the gave.LrrfTU financ e But it
wo'-ia I beii--r fr tue f.trmer " tj raise cot-
t.n Ld teacco enough to pay his taxes," aa
they wuuld be, if Lis grain and previsions
ttcu'.J net co it, than to do as they arc now
dou.g bearding; ;md hiding their crops and
their meat, burying the latter under ground,
so that much of it that is bought smells like
a corpse brought eut of a grave. This is
douc in siany cses by men who have sons
in ti e army, ud this rotten meat not un
ccrnrw.aly goes fron theaa to feed their own
child it n in the trenches under tbe fire of the
enemy.
0e mere "fallacy" of "FarruerV : "If onr
overs sent on the face f its bonds will say
that they are payable to citizens of the Con-,
federate Siates alene, and will make annual
tares large enough ta absorb previous issues,
there can never arise any necessity for repudi
ation, tven if the war shall last forty years."
If our government were to do this, it would
emphatically declare its' dishonest purpote on
Us very transaction, and its bonds would not
he worth a groat. By the very restriction of
its indebtedness to its own people, it would as
Ood a3 say : I am keeping you for repudia
tion. Even now the evil-disposed and the
ill-advised are calculating on repudiation, se
far as the public debt is due to cur own peo
ple. It would only require some sack act
3 Farmer" suggests, entire!? to destroy con-
fidet:ce ; and then r rices would go to a height
iwi'e equal to Ida warmest desires,
A few more words and we have dene. It i-,
we think, clearly within the .principles of
political economy, that we should strive to
pi educe a normal financial condition, as near
lis possible. We have no fpecio circulation,
: and can bav none ; but -we have a govern-
.-,., i lI.Ia anH ii ill. Til
backed by' an m-
i Mligent population in a country of abundant
j resource. If that government is maintained,
i that population and country aie good for
; double their presf ut indebtedness, without
! any grievous harden on either. These factg
i being so, the credit of that government ought
; to be unimpaired, and its paper circu'ation
for investment or fur currency, ought to be as
good as gold. The popular confidence can
j make it so ; and the farmer has the first and
j the widest opportunity fU establishing this
confidence. We will not argue with ";Far
" mer" the question of repudiation. It is not
to be considered .
i We have now met the discu3?ion as ''Far-
mer" has forced it on us. In closing up with
him, we have only to express our regret that
so accurate a thinker as he is evidently capa
ble of beinz, and so god a patriot as we
doubt not he is, should remain in such error.
We think hi sentiments cn this matter inju
rious, at;d we would hail the direction of his
abilities to some other question npon which
we could be more iu accord, and which we
could display through oar columns to the ben
efit of the cause.
4-
The Conservative, of yesterday, announces
tha retirement of John P. Hynian, Esq., from
the editorial chair ef that journal a position
he had consented only temporarily to eocupy,
with the hope of doing some service in his
country's cause. We re?ret the loss of Col.
Hyman from the corps editorial of our city
Press. We hav found in him an able and
patriotic cotemporary in upholding the cause
of the Confederacy and in preserving the
lienor ana wmo oi our oulc-auu .ft-
toned, clnvairoas opponent, iu iuia uFw
which we chanced to differ.
We wish him
i ne.ir and dentr in his retirement to the
oko.lo nf Via mnnntsin bnmc
i "
euauvowi u. n. j" .
The Conservative is to'be continued under
the auspices of John B. Neathery, Eq., who
we know to be an affable and intelligent gen
tleman, and from his experience, ia capable of
furnishing his patrons with a first-rate uews
paper. We extend to him the "right hand
of fellowship," and hope, as we have no doubt
we shall, to find in him the same excellent
cotemp rary that characterized his worthy
predecessor.
- . .
IUiiixt Mitchell County, N. C We
learn from the Asheville 2?eics of the 15th
instant, that some seventy-five or eighty to
vierj male a descent upon Mitchell county a
few days tince. They shot two men, McTn
turf aud another whose name we have for
gotten, captured about tweuty -five of Capt.
Bialock's Home Guards, and a number of cit-
i-ns, and cairiedthem oT. Among the cit
i iens captured were Jacob Bowman, late
I member of the Legislature, and Kobort Lewis,
the County Uegister. Tney also carried oil
eiiiht or teu ugroes, and all the horses and
mules belonging- to Keuben Young and his
sons. If vigorous tffjrts havo been mado to
intercept the raiders, we are not without hope
that ihey may be overhauled .before they
reach the Yankee lines.
We are always glad to receive from our
friends well-written contributions to our
columns, consonant with our own views, ou
matters and things, but we cannot consent to
the cheat of imposing other men's thoughts
and writings' upon our readers as ours, by in
serting them as editorials. When the urtieles
arc better written than our own, as is fre
quently the Case, we detire the correspondent
to have the credit ; and when not so well
written, we are not wiliiug to adopt them.
We can't Jib, by publishing as editorial, that
which is not editorial.
Relioiovs. A revival of religion has for
some two weeks been in progress in the Meth
odist church in this city under the pabtorate
of Rev. Dr. Craven. Some fifteen or twenty
persons have professed conversion, and a con
siderable number prceeut thetnelveii nightly
at the altar cf prayer. The church is throng
ed every n;ght with respectful hearers. God
prosper tbe good work.
I
Statesville, N. C Our attention has
I been called to an error in our announcement
of Dr. Deem's appointment. He will speak
at Statesville on Tuesday, llth of October.
It is reported that the Blockade steamer,
City of Tetersbwff and Old Dominion, were cap
tured last wtek on their passage ont from
Wilmington te Halifax. We do not vouch for
the repwrt.
; Wr. are glad to learn that the North Caro
lina Central Railroad Company have put in
: operation a system of Expressing over their
! road on company responsibility, and that their
charges are only about double the ordinary
! railroad rates. This is a great improvement,
! and we hope the Company may perfeet their
system so as fully to meet the public require
; meat. Salisbury Watchman.
Why should the rates be at all higher than
; the ordinary rates ?
; "Ma. Smith," said the counsel, "you say
! you once officiated in the pulpit do you mean
j that you preached ? "
i "No, sir ; I held a candle for a man who
j did."
' "Ah, the court understands yom differently.
: They supposed that the discourse came from
I 7
TUI.
"No, sir, I nly thro wed a light on it ! "
i Ir is stated that the losses daring the bom
; bardment of AtUnU will reach 95,000,000
1 worth of real estate, embracing 47 henses
burnt. There were 497 persons killed, sad
601 Wouaded.
A Lesson From History. ,
The past is the Prophet of the future. His
tory teaches by example. Let us glance at
one paje atd see what others have endured,
what ethers have accomplished. The lesson
thus derived cannot fail to invigorate ua with
new hopes founded on a knowledge of what
parts othr actors have sustained in the great
tragedies of History. As the case stands we
r. rrr f, S,-'T- nwn trO'lb'.CS tO
are piwnc miigunj
think our trials are fiercer than any which
have ever been felt by others ; and with a
melancholy egotism, to exaggerate at once our
onrl nnr ftitrifip. But. masrnifi-
cent as is the ppectacle of our valor, it has its
parallels; sublime as ia our endurance, it has
its prototypes ; and hence we say, a review of
what others have suffered and accomplished,
cannot fail to inspire renewed confidence and
hope. It is tho p.pular belief that we have
done more than any other people ever did ;
but, like many popular beliefs, it is more na.- .
tenng toour eelt-l'.ve tnancnnwi"'" l i
True, we stand the object of universal admira
tion ; true, the nitons of the world sit. as it
were, around the amphitheatre of his vast
struggle, and applaud the bloody show, giving
us unmeasured praise for courage and reso
lution ; true, the contest is the most colossal
known to modern History ; but, for all that,
thce have been pictures of a strife as grand
and bloody and desperate as this as grand
in endurance, as bloody in obstinate valor
as desperate in dds. Cities have been defend
ed by the populace witti armed enemies un
der the walls and famine in the citadel; er
garixed resistance has been destroyed , and yet
the spontaneous fires of patriotism have con
sumed th invader and reasserted the nation
al lif. Look for these pictures in detail, in
the United Netherlands, in modern Greece, in
Revolutionary France, and the Spanish Penin
sula. Especially let us take the struggle of
Fredric the Great, against the powerful
combination of his enemies. It is a grand pic
ture, abundant in its lessons and full of promi
ses. The animosity of a woman, provoked
by a perfidious vhdation of public faith on the
part of Prussia, united against Fredric a.
power seemingly irresistible, and showed
what a fixed purpose applied to the attain
ment of a given end can accomplish. Aus
tria, France, Sweden and the Germxnic
body entered the lists against him. The
array was formidable, nay, appallirg. But
his will was as stubborn as that by which he
was opposed. He stood with iron resnlution,
feudal knicht. with lancein rest
and visor down, prepared to fight out the
quarrel against his numerous and powerful
antagonist, with a grim and litter determi
nation to hold his ground against all comers
and to the death. It required a stout heart to
front these antagonists. He saw against him
populations equal to one hundred million,
whiie to meet these vast numbers he had to
draw his recruits from a population of Jive
million. Here were odds greater than Hick
man r Wool ; cr Seward ever boasted
odds greater than we have met oilu? wl.io-
m;rbr, have aDnall':d Mablbobough, Eugene.
or Fredric himself. His dominions were con -
traded a mere spot up.n the map, compar
ed with the ten itories cf his enemies; his pro
vinces wanting in natural advantages of de
fence ; Silesia disaffected ; aud the weight of
i ' ,
numbers against him.
According to the "bonk ot arithmetic to
which our enemies have so often appealed in
demonstrating the certainty of our defeat, the
fate of Prussia was a foregone conclusion.
The calculation was easy, the end obvious ;
but totheloic t uumbers Fkedric opposed an
unconquerable will He comprehended the
. , . , ,i
sitr..ton of Htrur-M it a glance, and began the
j j
carop.ii-B T i vig-.r which amazed and
dic fceii. 1 Vis . tao-isrs. There was need
of vi or, for it wa trifle to contend single-
i. j j - u v; ,u;u .ut
handed against 'ho combination which threat-
. , . , . , , . , , tt
ened his destruction ; no holiday task for the
five .nil lieu to make head agamst the hundred
million; no gala dy work to oppos the
armies which menaced him with degradation
and his possessions with dismemberment. But,
he had the will ; the pluck; the heroic reso-
lution to succeed or die. These are the e e- i combinations you have driven halt the. tar
ments iu men and nationalities which compel ! mew in the Confederacy to rising cotton and
1 1 .. . . u , r ; tobacco to pay their taxes, now will you teed
success: th.ee are the attributes whndi defy j ? wm ym Aq u hy.
Fate and overcome adverse Destiny. It is no i gjviDg ne screw anotlnr turn and driving off
part of our intention to follow the varying ! another half ? I have long kn:wn that iiko
fortunes of the doubtful and protracted strng- j the Sybilliue books, half a crop of corn will
tl. ni -i wliolp finr hut havfl
gle. The conflict lasted seven years; every
part of his dominions showed the ravages of
war in irampiea neiu, aewiaitsit vmgs uu
blood-stained ruins. Berlin itself was des-
polled by the enemy. . Tbe conscription had
en universal ; the animals had been taken
' , , . .w, .
from the ploughs and harnessed to fieTat-
teries; the very grain savM for planting had,
in some districts, been devoured ; the popula-
ticn was depleted one-tenth ; and yet, Prussia
. 1 .,....'.,
was aved. Have we endured ail this ro.
Then let us be animated by the example, and
remember that if we will to be free, no power
can subdue es. The secret of the success of
, .... . . . j j - ii -
the five million against the hundred million,
.
can be found in this determination to win or
die.
We can also learn from a review of the
great Drama of the Seven Years War, the
5
useful lesson that unity of action, aa springing warg and were morais and credit wors than
from one wiil, is an element of incalculable ; before? FARMER,
power an element difficult to attain in a re- I
public, but not beyond the reach of public en- ' Fob the Benefit or Southern Pbis
tbusiasm. If we are resolved te be free we ' oners. A fair for the benefit of Confed
can never be conquered. Let us emulate erate prisoners of war at the North is to
Fredric, who carried prison on his person, de- i be held in London, England, in October,
terwined to die but never submit; it tfas that under the patronage of Her Imperial
which saved him ; it is that which can save Highness thj Princess Murat, the Mar
. . , , M . - ii k. u chioness of Bath, Lothian and Ailesbnry,
us. As victors our future will te superb; as Coantess of Chegterfield and other dis-
the vanqaished, the condition of Poland would tirjouisbed 1. It ia suggested that
be a benediction in comparison to our crnel theadies of the South may send to this
.servitude. Let us, like the Prussian King,
cept deatn oetore 6utmuung te aeieat.
this heroic temper there is certain success.
H.
For the Confederate.
Farmer has no 'flitu ring ur.ctiua to
his sou!.' He hai at no time since Use first
year of the war, when scarcity of provisions
firrt began to be apprehended, received for
bis proviona more than half market value
(and during one year he received only hatf
the government price) from soldiers and their
families, all men and women who had two
sons in he army, and the poor. He has re
ceived into his family eight wounded soldiers,
fed, nursed and partially clothed them uutil
well; and has contributed, besides his taxe-,
mre in proportion to his income than any
man of his acquaintance. 'Unction' can't be
made to stick to him. S much ard enough
of Farmer. Sydney Smith had, and yeth
the reputation of having ben a most pro
found and accurate thinker. His opinions era
justly considered of great weight. The man
who pronounces thorn 'fallacies,' wiil. I pre
gume, be n qui red to prove them such, before
his dictum makes mucn impreion on the pub
lic mind. At the risk of havina another ftp-
n tif)n of ifrtuarv I ve a continuation of
the extract from mith
"The qu-slion of tho corn trade has divided
society into two parts those who have a iy
talents for reasoning, and those who have
not. Wfe oW8 an apology to our readers for
taking any notice of errors that have been so
frequently and so unanswerably exposed ; but
when they are echoed from the bench and
the pulpit. te dignity of the teacher may
perhaps communicate f-ome degree of impor
tance to the silliest aud most extravagant
doctrines. It is pleasant to notice the intel
lectual growth of an individual; it is still
more pleasant to see the public growing wi
ser. This absurdity of attributing the high
price of corn to the combinations of farmers,
was the common nonsense talked of in the
days of my youth. I remember where ten
judges out of twelve laid down this doctrine
in their charges to the various grand juries on
their circuits The lowest attorney's clerk is
now better instructed."
Did you, Mr. Confederate, ever -witness, or
hear, or read of a combination of farmers for
auy purpose? I con Jess I never did. They
are as uncmbiwable a3 marbles. You have
recently chronicled a combination at Char
lotte to keep down the price of thpir pro
ducts, and recommended similar combina'tious
elsewhere. Tell us when aud where fanners
have ever combined to raise prices ? ,o, .ir,
they are uacombinable, and Mr. Jefferson
said, and truly said, they are th purest peo
ple, as a clas, on earth. And why this is
so is obvious. They are subjected to fewer
temptations to evil than any other. AH or
nearly all other clashes depend ou public pat
ronage for success. The only patron the far
mer depends ou is the Almighty ; and the
farmer kuows that neither hypocrisy, faw
ning, lying, nor cheating will bring prolific
showers, iews, or sunshine from Him A
knowledge of this caused our wise forefathers
to make him the chief depository of politi
cal power ; and alas ! the day that we undid
their work.
You, Mr. Confederate, and the non-pro-dneing
clas-, are endeavoring to commit sui
cide. Your success will starve you. If you
bring down the price of provisions to your
standard, it will be impossible for thousands
of our. farmers to raiso money enough from
n.-ovisioua to pav their tax-s. They must
raise cotton or tobacco, or the sheriff mnt
Kell their lands and negroes for taxes. Which
of these alternatives do you expect them
to adopt? Provisions you must have.
They are sine qua non. And yon cannot
f. rre rh'j f..rn:c- to rat KB them. You
I mn f,,rbid Ids raising c.ttonand tobacc i
j You may compel him to plant com.
But how will you male., mm piotign n,
hoe it and kec-pout ihe. rows nd hogs'? You
liiusi etc Hir ge torn, ana Hie niosieueciun
-.p.nv t.i Hf this is to nav him hish prices. As
j night succeeds the day, high prices bring
l..w ones. A"Use the farmer who makes
1 :, . , . ,
money cut of tins war to ke.m it, as much as
" - - . i . .
yu ehoi se. 1 join you in your denuncia
tion. But for your own sake, for the sake of
onr country and humanity, do not abie and
discourage "him who feeds a'l, and on whom
the salvation of the country depends. Syd
ney Smith does not say the farmer must keep
' the money be gets f r corn by selling it at
i the highest possible pric.-. No. llo tolls
! him it is his iuty fe contribute to feed the
1,1,11 11 11 ? J . , ,
poor, according o h'.s mean1, as it is the du-
ty ,.f every other class. We have Snyloek
; faTmes who have demanded, received and
! c gorged their pound of flush, and I for one
i will anist in iivini: an emetic powerful eoi u j.h
i"'1' rt; lo' , ' T ... , . ,
Uo make inern disgorge. J will lend my ai l
; q hi best T0Sf?ible tax on gains accuinu-
, 1;lted in anu wav during this war. Iu sucu a
struggle as this which we are engaged in,
hold ii to be the duty of every one to live as
economically as possible? and devote all hi
. .i U7i k
energies to tnc common cause, h uni iy
j y0ur quarter price schedules and Charlotte
j -t mJre p'oople.
B yQu .f the RuVernTI)ent h5gh
. prices for provisions, repudiation musttoliow.
j Very possible, it we have foolish ruiers. But
J between repudiation and subjugation I choose
i repudiation. If our "Jl
i of its bonds will say that they are payable to
j citizeD8 of the Confederate States alone, and
! wjH make the annual taxes large enough to
j absorb previous issoes. there can never ari&8
'; any necessity for repudiation even if the war
i shal last forty years. If the money is led
, , i(n' 'f in lhft hanJs of our own
; people, what is there to prevent its taking it
. back from them? They can certainly pay
tlat which thpy have- a an' eTTnt; S,nhj
cation i? repudiation, and a great deal that is
T u -a ' v -a ;k rQ.iJiTi...i
shocking besides, xou say with repudiation
j COrnes a blight on morals atd credit, indivtd-
! ual and national. Was not our continental
1 money repudiated ? Were not the French
i Ass ists repudiated ? D.d not these ca rry
1 Vio twn i.9 mnA Riiceessfull v throuyh their
ac - fair specimens of their handiwork for sale.
in Such contributions may be sent to the
Mercury office, Charleston, South Caroli-
n, and they will he forwarded to London
For the Confederate.
The Sick and Wounded.
i
AN APPKAL. ;
Tho central position of Raleigh and the
Hospitals in the city bring a very large nnm- j
ber of sick and wounded soldiers to this pUce I
Thee men to whom the country owe, a debt ;
which can never be repaid by material coutn- ;
tuitions, on their way to their homes, or stop- !
ing here f..r surgical ai !, need many a delua-
cy and com Cut which th government cannot
procure. To SHnply thee, th patriotic wo-
men of the city have formed themselves into J
an association. O i the occasional bref visits
to mv home which mv laworsin i.enau oi mr
Orphan Fund hare allowed me, l navo neen
able to frm s-we tail estimate of their sacri-
rices an l !alirs in this g ud cause. M any a
swhl.ier has car.ieil to his grave, and many
others h ive bore" bick to the armv or their
homes, a graceful appreciation of this tender,
,ta Koiiitifiit hjitr "Rut I feel sure that
there are thoitsands'of our fellow citizens in ;
retired and wealthy rural districts, who have )
no idea of the extent of t!:e demands upon.
these 'a li''s, '-nd the strai's to which they .no ;
often reduced. t . ,
In their behalf I venture this pub ic ap- '.
peal, to all parts of our great and pun -nc
Statft. A moment's reflecti-m will c mviuco
anv one. that this city alone cannot supply
the mony anil articles ot tooa which arc i
needed, without the co-operat'on ot resirtenU!
t i 3 A.L. nL n.'kiintS.iQ jT I
La vaK couniy, mi oiu-i ..m,uip ;
Tie St
State. If thrse withhold, the hands of th j
ies must fall, and thf ir hearts be made to ;
e at the sight of sufferings which they can
ladi
ache
i ..tU.;.,. .lmt if H- Afhr r.uir.tios
u j lunger 'ici.uC , w." -
will emulate the libera.itv of the gj.od ,HM,.le ,
of Chatham, and Cumberland, and Franklin,
counties, then this blessed work can be cou
tinued.
And now, fellow citizens, send in your do
nations of money and boxa of provisions of
all kind fl -ur," chickens, eggs, sugar, tea,
rr.flfee. tlried fruit, notatu-s. wine, svrup. and
anything that can be used or sold, so that if j
r ' . . ,
there saouia oe a surplus oi one uruut-.v .. .
be soldto puichasesome other m re needel.
Everv rec.able gentleman in Rileish. I !
presume, would join me in the guaraute that j
your donations will he properly distributed. ,
Provisions may be sent to Mrs. Col Rogers,
the President, and money to Mrs. Gov. Ellis.
the Treasurer, and letters of inquir &'., to
Mrs. Col. McRae, the Secretary, these ladies j
will pardon me for venturing on the liberty :
of saying, that I have informed mvwdf of j
th. ir areai fidelity, i!al and self-sacrifice in.
discharce of the official duties which their j
assidous co-laborers have devolved upon
them.
And now. fellow citizens, there is no time
i to be lost and no meanness to b exhibited in
this great work. Every train brings to our
door these noble and siifferios: ptriots. In
the abundance and quiet of your homes, you
rise
you!
hen
renort
- r - ... . o
may not know that the cardial and comiort
ministered by thesa fair hands has come from
his own dear home, but O'a 1 for his bake, and
the coutitry's, and for the sake, of that dear
Christ, whose holy blessing rests on every cup
of wafer given to the needy, let these comforts
come, that he may resi'.nm his journey tojyour
home, or be cheered on his journey to that
last sweet home, where "tbe wieked cease
from troubling, and the weary are forever at
rest
1 trust I need add no ra re Men and
women, who have no hearts to be moved by
thr? bodies that have, been marg'ed iu defend
ing their homes and gf uus, can i-e touched by
no poor appeal of mine, and ihose whose hearts
are right, will act promptly and liberally.
Let North Carolina, glorious North Carolina!
that Latli shot from her hands the most ter
rific thunderbolts our foes have felt in all this
war. and who was the first of all the Mother
States to extend her protection to the ophans
of ber own heroic slain, hi to the end the gen
tlest, tenderest mother to all her sons, even
the humhltst, who hear in their bodies the
marks of their devotion to her lofty honor and
olorious fame.
CHARLES F. DEEMS.
RaVi;rh. S-pt 19-b 18C4
KORTH CAROLINA, Court of houity,
H Ai.! vax Cdchtt. J an Ttrm iC4.
Satan W. Jc-akins, bv next friend, Ac,
Micajah J. T. Alatyn. and wife Martha JC. and
othare.
THIS is a bill to appoint a Trustee in place of
Joha Faulcon, deceased, for tfet purpose of
administering certain trusts declared ia a mar
riajre settlement between the plaintitf and bar hus
band, Thomas W. Jenkins; and it appearing to
ths satisfaction of the Coart that tbe defendants,
Micajah J. T. Alston and his wife, Martha E , are
non-reidents of North Carolina, they are hereby
notified to appear at the next Court of Equity to
be bald for the Coantv of Halifax aforesa d, at
the r.jurt-Ratise. in Halifax town, on the 4th
Monday after the 4th Monday f September, 18S4,
then and there to plead, answer or demnr to said
bill, otherwise the tame will e taken as eonfesed
bv the?fc, and a decree will b? entered accordingly.
ANDREW CUNIOLAND. C. M. E.
At Office in Halifax town, Sept. P, 1864.
sep 14-w6w
TAKEN UP.
AND committed to the Jail of Mecklenburg Co.,
on the 29th ot February last, a negro woman
who aavs her name is LUCV and bclonira to Nick
Davis of Richmond. Stid negro is about 25 years
old. verv black, and rather under medium size.
She savs that she was oersuaded off troui Rich
mond by a man who gave bis name as Ilobinaon.
Rh was arrested on the cars on the N. C. Kail-
read, near Charlotte. N . n,. The owner is hereby
n.t;fil ia rnin fnrwirH. irnvft nronertv. nav
charges and take hei away, or she will be dealt
with as the law directs.
It. H. WHITE,
sep 21-dltw6na Sheriff.
io,ooo PIECES
JUST RECEIVED, which will be sent to any
address on recepticn of our catalogue priees.
We have now become the sole Agents in erth
! Carolina for Geo. Dunn A Co., of Richruon .who
, are the LARGEST and FINEST Music Pub. ishers
ia the South.
; All orders to them, from this State will be filled
at our store,
i One half off" to the trade.
I Apply for Catalogues o f Music, Books, Ac.
j BRANSON A FARRAR,
Raleigh, X. C.
j September Tth, 1864 w tf
Trinity College.
rpHE next session will commence on tke 7th
X September next. Tuition from eight to
dollars per montn, tn aaianc: uoara, one n
4ref dollar ner month. Ml able monthtv. in ad
from vour tables without knowing that ing unking rund, uonn-oe-aio i'an, u.lk jnt-nn
- sou, or your brother, nas oeen oroug ,v , , , fM v thouMui
3 wounded aud weak Ironi some oattie, tne p0nds,br cottonf and one hundred and thirty.
0 which has not yet reacueu u n -5.ht thousand bv sinkinir fund.
vaace ; or, about eight dollars per month, if paid
in Droviiions at peace prices. There are small
extra charres for wash ine and room rent. Stu
dents are requested to bring all the text-books
they may be able to procure.
W. T. GANNAWAT,
july 2-wl0t President.
Notice Taken up and contained to
tbe Jail of Caiawba, a dark NEGRO man
about fittv veara of are. Said negro says his name
is PLEASANT, and that he is the property
. Hugh Carl vie and Oto. nenaerson or ueorgia,
J A. J. HELTEN, Jailor.
I NewtenK. C April 13tb TS4. ap. 212 -
TELEGRAPHIC,
. 9
rej0HT8 OF. THE PRESS ASSOCIATION
- r-
Yankees Captured,
J'J& StT
t . pUnUtion on lrnT'
bj Wj negroes, guarded all night and brout
town yetcrdv by aid nfjrct and lindedln :i -
Two others brought in tnu morning.
FrOBl MoMlf.
MOBILE, Sept. 19.Lait evening ac w.;p
attached to the passnger train on the MobiJ..
rnru, u.w up, uuog mo engineer t
Blightlr damaging the track.
There are six vesitl oft' the bar.
All quiet.
hutnora unreliable.
From Bielunond.
RICHMOND, Sept 10. A raidlrj
rrtv ,f
ynkeea burnt the Uailroad brid5e on tU 1L?
nan yeaieruay aucrnnt,n.
Gen. Howell, commanding a brifade jn the
eorp of Grant's araiy, wai killed lr a f4:i ftv.A
Ida horn.
(joid in Xew York closed on the lCtb at3r.
Frcm the Valley.
RICHMOND, Sept. 10.-Intclligenre from Wic.
che5tcr tn afternocn of the l6tb baa been recmM.
Our forces held the pround from WineWtrr f
m. .
upquan ine encmv'a infantry, tstitnittd tt
thirty thousand, remain behind hl'a entn'rchtrer.t
Tht.ir cavairVf ten thouaaad strocg, diPUv con
. . . . .nt-rH,. Rnd .rtiv;tv. r.plr.
... .. . . . ' "
in Bne oondition and enjeving abundant u-.
Tegetable. and truiu.
' fr
From the North.
RICHMOND, Sept. 19. A conflict recently 0
cured on Main street in Norfolk bitwecn
sallora and negro soldier, one s olor was ki'.Wi
and two badly wounded and one negro mortally
woun(je,j.
NJW Orleans dates of the C(h say the vote fur
. nl , )lflft ait .
the constit'ition in New Orleans ws 4.J00 ag.:nt
irJ aJ. "y-eight.
Gold in New xork on the ICth o,.enel at 223
and closed at 22SJ.
Th? B sto:i Herald, fonnsrly th arpan of tk
Douglas democrats, appea jthe Chicago j at-
form and nominee. The Columbus t,n.. Sed
arv a paper, protects ajfainat McClellan.
The Herald of tha 17th ha bjen reco'iTcd, with
difjpao he-- from ths South-wct.
Price, w;th five thousand civalrv, erofsed tH
Arkansas river, half way between Little Kock
and F'.rt Smith on the 8th, cn route for Mii-iouri.
From Kurope.
RICHMOND. Sept. 10. European adriecMo
iit. int .kv tkatthe Mexican Knvovto lta!r
was, ,cCeived by tbe Kinft. The half-yearly drain-
i,rht thf
I.irerpool uoiion uiarxet mux, auichv.hu ad
vanced from qua-ter to a half.
ORITITARY.
Died, on the yth of June last, fioin th ff"rt
of wounds received in the battle of .-potsylvtb-a
Court Houe, Captain ROKKKT L. WILIdAMS,
son of A. U. Williams, Esq., of Franklin coum..,
North Carolina.
Tbe (Oibject of this imperfect tribute wai a
ynang man of more than ordinary cndow:ueafc,
and imb-Hi with a epirit of patriodttu that ne
with peculiar beauty and briffbtnn. l.e
coiumencorucr.tof the war found him at rlol
assiduously engaged in the acquUition ;l that
knowledge which would prepare bim for tbe da
ties of life, and add to the luotre of a family tawf,
that has, at difffrer t times, occupied no m-n i'o
eition in th conncila of the country. At the
close of tha session, notwithstanding youtli
fulness, beicg only seventeen years of ajr, such
was bia lure of country and deep devotien to h-r
cause, that he determined at oace to wai? a.l
8tlfikh consideratiows, aud entered thts rauk
private, endurio, without a uiuriaur, an iae pri
vations and suflei iug of campaign service.
In all the battles in which he was enga'!.
sach was kU heroic virtue and nnuinchiot; cou-.
age, that he suon won the coafid.nce aid fl--c
tion of his fellow-soldiers, and the result was ha
speed? promotion to the captaincy cf his ciu--bv,
cwnaitatinjc no doubt, at that time, the t,ub;
est otheer of hia grade, being about 18 year of
ae. He has fallen, where the god and the lia
Would like to die, with his armor on and hii !..
ti the foe, on the battle Heidi
nis bereaved parents, relatives arid friend in
consoled with the assurance that their Hoss h Li
sraia : " and while ty sorrow over his i-eita.
vet they are enabled te look forward, and anuci-
pate there-union that awaiU tbeiu ifl me oe.
r i .. .v hr.. r. nr 41 wars n'
Franklin couaty, N. C, Sent. 14,
lld'or Army .0rtI1ern
ORDNANCE OFFICE,
BRIGADIER GENERAL KUFHS BAU.il
OER, commandinsr Brigade of Csvalry, At .
Northern Virginia, is hereby authorifd i,u
possession of all cavalry arma, touipui'-nts aw
accoutrements in the hands of civilian- or otaer
unauthorized peraonsin the State of -N,,rtJ
lina, when ho in satisfied that such arms, A'-,
leeitimatelv the property of tbe Confcdra
States. All armu, Ac, dropped by our t'onp
the enemy on their linn of march or on oai.r
fields, or left or sold by oflicers or priTRt ;s to yy
sons not in the military service, are the proper.,
of the Confederate States. No person in tti wu
tary service has a right to sell or tberwe
pose of arms, Ac, except when uijder tberas.
ad recusations of the Ordnance Dcpartm -n'.
Gen. Barringer will not delegate tin utUr;
to any one except coinumiioned othci-rs ol ft"
command, who will be furnished with a cp?
thia authority, and with instructions tfBrB
receipts to parties from whom arms, a-,
MTken under its provisions.
it o . r C.L.n U. E. Lex:
(Signed) BKISCO G. BALD.I.
. Lieut. Col. and Chief Ordnaace Oilic-r.
Army Northern V irguu-
UNDER thisauthoiltv I dire especial!
tether up Moddelian saddles. These sa.-
were captured from the t-neiuy- , iQrre c a..'r 4
private property in them. Partizan rsri
others have no right to sell them, except to
rcDucav Tu4vu i j -
captures. . M . ,
This brigade is mucn in ncra oi pc u-- - .
Manv of those we have are ruining the -
acks, ine men are losing .jT.at
ie- suffering severely by those sadd ei
ritbh-ld from it, often abstracted by soldier .
t -it rtnrt n tfirwA'tl alQ'A
vie
wi
appeal te an pairiuus - - - tt ,
tarilv give them up to ioeuiwrii-.-
brig'adein their respective lncdities, j
receipt for them. Those now at hoin .
especially all on " horse dctaiU," are Wu' -t
gather up these saddles, also Sharp s rifl-f -repeaters
and other cavalry ""J
ments, the propel t v of tbe Confederate
and bring them back into the serf ice. Ajr - .
able expenses incurred in this way will be rc I
tlIiaim no right at rresent either torfiij er
press these arms snd equipments; "J
dently expect every hosett mau. not in i 4
to give then. They ought to be abaut-.
time like this, to bo seen with jJillNGEr.,
se19dtww3t Bridiejner
TI1E BIKGIIAM WCUOOU
OAKS, ORANGE CO., A- '
l OOM for a FEW GOOD BOYS. Fur te.
of
ten
of
XV address, . . w A S0B
W.J. BIKGUAM
wm
?ep
tlO w4t