:bo F.tcrb?rg Express of Mondav.
a ?:::a f.batj lk im minks' i'-figh t-r-
i. r n satu u 1A Y OIT.IS ATIONS
A . to- iicitiioi a fron thu ft t point to a
:;ri-i t v ;y ik!i ranuct f dlhycd much
. r. '"':;.: !t v.'il U o.ie of th" moHt :rx:-j.-
; !' -:" v?' v d-vr'f.ve battles of tho
n: r ;:v n-addy ne I. Mt-t Grant is
iL1.!.:..; f i -v :', r wIlU he : iders tne key t
c i'ti : l, mi I ...,:r noole army r its' verj-
!-: ; :n ; ; . s tf-.-ty f the Republic.
T'.r . : o: tit &tmis i:.w ontn.nl'ng
i i. i t r a-i A ttl i f i'l 'i' v )! this de-A;.-d
city, r, iv.; .jou r. unacted, and ar so
f.I. h. Iv druvi tocch other, thitthe slightest
:i .iKfiuttt umv bring on a geaeral engjge-
11!- lit. '
i'lrlj t-r;uy morning-, ' it was apparent
;;(;.,.; "a t massing troops ofl tur left,
! tiii r later ii the d y g'.vt.- place
r. ir .:- !. iuttii is t bi;r! his strength
- i :i t that rtnTi of our lines, and by
;.,. til v.'.. rvv::r:r; iii ur.iiiU rsTbrtak though
:.-. i'. ow.; r t; tr-i'p.-. lie has ;r:?d this
vii-i i's Sj-..f.ylvania, at Col l Harbor
nr. ; v-? ivrr, V his co:-t. aU he may be a3
5 a iy r-pn'ss d here. He ims no room to
;U .l(Jeiur ks vast army i!5 "f which it is
o,-:. -vv-t :. w i.i fro.. -t iVt-r-br.rg ami
n,;:i :-"it at ! f or retue. Tha; he will
!. : .-. v.s u s . t o i v u t i ;'t.?t e r i .iv Lm?o ho roon
t : -i .;ii.r. '
L'l.,: ein :..V f- 'TO- s wit hUtf'iV occupied toe
i: -,:-: i la I!ir .!r:d Pe: is i'si, Yr have been
? :!. .! Sitt i'V i.!-i:t and ys:r:d.ty
j n ! wit', liii .:r:ay coiaploli, (.irai:;
.'.v : ivii' ' c-nfiO'.ts ax. A 'J ittj'T iay
tv t'-iSl'i-' t:!p io? i:ii!trMis t-Xpeih-
2a G-i iii i a -l UiViiJ ihe li teutons
El.
rii t: m y.
Of c-.ur--- tl.fie i.- s.m. rxcitc.T.ent ind
r
ciiv. J 'uTir : f t!!in a:iJ
u f iiva s :cn
; near, ami
i-tk. But
i:b'y i
ir,' M 1 rs '1:1 !t?' 1
' : i rc l-i a f;
r v...i.
tiie c.ai!:iiu.i:y
our f-ucoess that
- i s.tiv:. .v c
i!
ti
aiuiv at our
riLi:i i lN. t N :-A i l'i"lAY.
Ti, tio.-iiiy ir.-.-.rit rvrral tieruc ani d-.r-lu'.ici
;i;i'.t!:s t.ur : at puiuti txtead
i:. ' ir r.i ; r r!;.. I -or let:, on oalurjay,
1 i"
a;j.i wvit. ! ,n ::!iiu.v ;trta N.ii'ia.iy
. 1 1 I I
li oioh iiistarice, his forces wrre
.c;i;,'.' a -mil-i 'U o' e..?i w oi kc5 ijui-iijnw
I
i f" .i 1-ar t s:x !e. p, but v.vro m-t with
-..vh tc.d;.J:ss a:id wviity oi fire fr-.M mr
! iltcsit-.-. a .u inUtitry, liiat before leachict;
i "tl thvir anrnthu, they weie. coai
yrlitd t- iiv pr cl')ita!e!y and in great confu-s:-u.
Tim" -a ud ari:i tiietr cha:ge was rc
ycated., and vtirii like Mivcess. . .
From all .-omits, t ur inilTmation i that the
oemy's 1. - ia thes-e aaiiUs was very severe.
i';:ev a uud aeross lie his some of tr.em
vrral t.Ui.iired vji.ris i:i width, in which
hev K.-ie tr.'lv expostj to th play ot our
:;r:i( i-rV. v. ri c'.i wa haulifully and n.ost
...curMi- v ? rvi !, at:J to the tire of cur in
i n.trv, wuk-a i-? cow rendered e7c-r sure.
'- i ;i)!r m olf: -crs and mci io the
iiht. ..:.d f witno, i f th" battle field .
ai.d v ir. ty viuiL Si .-ay t iih i i'!y that the
1 "a a-" wry b:avy. T:: bodias .jf
!.t.i a -trv vv tte n-.Mtls from ';d. to ;-ide,
.ir.dt: o tit irer '.:r hna;-twi;rks the asaultirg
limn s t ani . ih? t oic-;ef s he bodies lie. With
!u til.- i it i.-w t!.ys tliP army of Gen. Grant h s
;eu dv-p';.d ly it;-.iy thousands how
manv, no t u i v iat himstd? and his secretive
p .vTi!.n?i!i wi'n evtr ktx -.
I'll LOS;F.S.
Of the eo;.:ra:y, our Ios have been ex.
tn ui'-ly liia. It is the reaiark of lxth rfii
tra and ri.es;, thai so little hs of hfe and so
: '-JW w-u:ahd wre iever before kuwn in
'.!th a s-riv.- . f enaenienU. Our hospitals
testify aban.ia:, tSy to the truth of tins asser
tion. An t. Terming Providence seems to
n:ih upou cir army auvl protect it from
harm.
CPFltATIOX? YESTERDAY.
Operations yeterday were cue fined mainly
U h-avy kintitshini;, picket tiring a;al sharp-.hiK-)titip.
As on Saturday the enemy aK
tempted oa:i or twice to force our lines oa
Taylor.- farm, but met with a harsh repulse.
Taylor's farm was the ocene of the mtt ac
tive h utilities boih on yesterday and Satur
day, atid i the resting place of hundreds of
the Northmen. It is situated on th-s Baxter
road, near the Tight of our lines.
the enemy's lines.
The Yatikee line of battle now extends
from the Jeru-alem PUnk Road all around
o ir i- rtner breastworks to the Apoaiattox
river tlieir left retin at or near Mr. T;m -thy
P.trs life residence on the abova load.
On their extreme right, near Battery No. 1,
they have pi it'ed a formibadle gun in posi
tion, from which they have been throwing
shells over in Chestcrtield, and towards this
,-i:y.
FLAG Of" THCCE rf.Ol! THE ENEMY.
About two o'ehck yesterday afternoon the
enemy snt a flag of truce towards our lines,
which, an h'-ur or so laser, was followed by a
second. Nothing relative to their character
has transpired, and we do not even know
that thi-y were Teeeived. It was conjectured,
but without fcuDi!tiou, that the truce was
but a cover to sound our position. If this
w as the real Object, it proved a. failure.
YAXPALISM OK THE ENEMY.
On Saturday, several tires were observed in
different directions in Prince George county,
which proceeded from the burring of dwell
ings by. tlo enemy. Jt is stated that Mr.
John Hare's rtsidence near New Market, was
destroyed. asa!slrs. Beaseley's some dis
tance beyond. It is also reported that Mr.
Gregory's house was burned. We hope none
of thee reports may be true.
SK1EMISIUNG IN CMESTEF.FIELD.
Oa Saturday and yesterday there was heavy
kirmihiug in Chesterfield county, in which
the eneray was esnjiderably worsted. Over
there everything is wwrking to the Yery best
d vantage.
THE SPISIT Or OCR ARMY.
The spirit of our army was never better.
It is exhuberant and confident, and calmly
awaits the isce, which all believe is so soon
to be presented. May Providenced protect
them and vouchsafe them a great victory.
The prayers of the community and of the
nation at large are offeied up for them and
the cause they defend, aud we believe they
will not be without effect.
Capt. Maffitt. This distinguished naval
officer, who, as cotnmafcder of the Confederate
ship Florida, inflicted such immease damage
upon yankee commerce, .has been on a visit of
a few days to his family and friends in this
place, ile left here bis morning for Ply.
uioufh, to take'comcDand, for the present, o
tie ram Albemarle. -FaytttmxlU Obtmrttr
, FROM Y UE JiOBTII.
From the P8tersbur5f Bxprs of Monday, Jtme 20.
; GEN. MOKUAN'S OI'ERATIONS.
Vi'earc nler obligation U Col. J; K.
J Towers 'cotniuAtuimtf ih M'bib U-gnjeot
' (Iforcia Y.-luatwr.-s f.r a copy of ti e .New
! York" 7W6ii-, ol"Tuar.V.ay lr. 14tu
I ini-t.
! It has alreatiy bwu stated, ou the authonty
' of Xorthtrn Jour i hat Gen. Morgan'
! drove the lUSth Oitio regi.utnt pell m-ilHrom
:. Cymhiani.a, Kv. uu ibe llthinst., and buro
j ed that towu. The Tribune gives the jolloyr
! ing tidditlucal accouitJaof hi- operutious :
CAFTUKE CT CYSTHIANA AN f TWO OHIO BEOI-
I yuzsri fUBSfcQOEWT sur.PRrs and eoct or
j McBGAS-GEX BCKClilDQK PUIlaYlJiG
' Ciuciocniti, June 12: 30 P. M. Logan with
abfmi 30t;0 rrbe s, attacked the- ItiSth arid
; 17 1st OhM Kejjuneiiis, under GeutTi llobson,
at CyuthiaLa, ye.twdayi and aher a pretty
severe rigii? compelled ilobsou tn surrender,
I on condition that his nv.n .-hould be immeiii
I attly cxc: a-!ed " The fightiug bok place
1 pri;iipai:v in the streets c t Cynthiana, and
I some of owt troops took refuge in the court
j house, and in order to dislodge them, a etable
j neir tke hotel w:is set on fire.
About twenty buildings were consumed
before the fir-s was extinguished. Our loss
I was 15 killed, 50 wounded. Col. Benjamin,
; tha ProvoM Marshal of Covington, was mor
" tally wounded. Col. Garris of the 168th
I Oir.j, wtts yer.rely" wounded. It is also re
j farted that Gen.,ilobao'i was wounded.
Dor los in prisoners is from 1,000 t
I l.ol).
i This rnornin Gen. Burbndge, who 1-ft
1 Paris iat ni-ht, fell upon tha rcbd Morgan
! whilij iiis man, were at breakfast, and alter a
; yery ?evete Dht, completely defeated him,
attciit; his forces in all directions. About
one hundred prisoners were taken, including
i twenty t CVcovs.
i Gen. Iiurcridge, at lastadyices, waa close-
; ly follow in j the fieein rebels.
! OJrEUATI"KS ABOUT FKANKfOP.T THE STATE
! AUCHIVKS KEMOVEU YANSEH l06ESi
j Lmisviile, Ky., Saturday, Juris 11. Gen.
j Cavrington has just receive 1 the following tel-
eg-am from Gen. Burliridge :
I Lexington, Friday, June 10 1 p. m.
Have heard nothing of or from Gov. Bram
' lette. The ii.-bois left here yesterday, iv
' Georgetown. Taey are supKsed to have jjocr
; east Irom here.
! Gen. I5.;rnbridge startxl in pursuit' with
I fredi ho;se8 U: nigiit, aud will push the-
liebeis npa:r:l riglit them Readily.
A mcscerger w ho left the capital at 4 o'clock
I this m orrdug reports that Ftaakfort is under
martial law, and that all men cipb!e of bear
j ing arms hav been armeil to defend the city,
j The State archive were being removed totihe
' forr, and the Governor felt confident of hcyd
ing out until ndniorcemeatj sh mid arrive-,
i "A force of fi.000 liebals occupy the stock
j ades threv aiiies ibis side of Fraa-kfort. They
I ar- trying to prevent reiido-reemeu s reithing
j Fiank fort from Louisville,
j The Union troop made an attack last nighc
. on the stockades, but were repulsed by kupe
j riur numbers.
; Louisville, Ky , Saturday, Juae II p. i.
j By order of the G 'Yerjor, the entire enrolled
militia of Jefferson County LaJVe been ordered
; oat and business is directed to be suspended
j until furtiier orders.
j A courier .jast arrived from Frankfort rc
! ports that a ilig of tnrve was sent to Gov.
Ii.-amletU;. th-n lading the immediate -tod un-
coaditij.oai s i; render of Frankfort. Toe de-
mand was declined and tightia resumed.
! An authentic iled report siys that abflvt
100 were kil.ed and woumtcd at r ranafort to
day. LATER KAIS1NO OF THE SIEGE OF FRANKFORT
CONFIRMATION OF THE DEFEAT OF MOBGA.
Louisville. Monday, June IS, 1861. D;.
WheeiT, L'. Mail Agent, who has been il
Frankfort, during the ?i"ge, left that pli-.ce at
4:30 this morning, and has anived here.
lie reports thai the figiit commenced at G
o'clock on Friday evening, lasting till dark,
and at interval during the night, the euemy
approaching frm Georgetown in two force,
aggregating 1 .200 men, whereof 700 eniered
Old aud 500 New Frankfort. They had uo
artillery.
" A small 4-pounder had been placed below
ihe fort to protect 6Vir rifle pits, which was
captured by the Rebels, but subsequently was
retaken
On Saturday firing continued from J iu the
morning until 3 in the afternoon, with short
intervals of interruption.
The Rebels made two demands daring the
day for the surrender of the fort, both of which
were refused by Col. Monroe, of the 22d Ky.,
' Commanding the fort.
The Rebels abandoned the attack at 4 o'clock
on Saturday atternoou, and by 6 in the even
ing were moving eastward.
The Union loss is six wounded, one ?eri
ously. The Rebel loss is unknown.
The fort was garrisoned by 1 50 Unionists,
only 12 of whom were fcoldiers.
No injury was done to Frankfort, except the
! burniag ol the barracks on the edge of the city
on Friday, which was reported to be a bridge
tnree mues nt rt award.
Capt. Dickson, of Gen. Burbridge's staff",
telegraphs G.n. Ewicg at Lexington, that
Barbridge completely routed Morgan's com-
! raand at Cynthiana on Sunday morning.
Jack Aliens force, 300 strong, which has
been attacking Fra'nkfort, is said to be at
Lawrenceburg.
I have traced the flight of 800 men under
Col. Giltner, to Versailles, many of whom
have thrown away their arms, and will proba
bly unite with Jack Allen.
Gen. Carrington has received from Gen.
Heintzelman a dispatch confirming the disaster
to Gen llobson, and the subsequent success
i of Gen Burbridge.
Hon. Francis M. Bristow, member of the
XXXYIth Congress, died at Ikton, Ky., on
Friday, of heart disease."
THE VERY LATEST MOBOAN's LOSS1000 GEN.
BURBRIDGE STILL PURSUES HIM.
In the following latest despatch, the Tribune
reports Morgan as defeated with great loss :
Cincinnati, Monday, June 13, 1864 Fur
ther report of the fight of yesterday represent
the Rebel loss to be 300 killed and wounded,
and -about TOO prisoners.
Gen. Burbridge is supposed to be pursuing
the remnant of Morgan's command.
The loss to the Kentucky Central Railroad
is estimated at about $200,000.
There were five locomotives and seventy
five cars at Lexington, which are reported
uninjured.
NEWS FROM CE3T. GRANT AN IMPORTANT MOVE
MENT IN PROGRESS OFFICIAL DISPATCH FROM
SECRETARY STANTON.
t7e find the following. dispatch from Secre
tary Stanton, in the Tribune, which gives the
news in brief from all quarters. The import
ant movement referred to has developed itself
in front of Petersburg .
War Department, Washington,
June 13 12 miduight. J
To Major General Dix-.
We b ve dispaic'.ies front . the Army of tne
Potomac a iat? a'8 o'cW this meting-
! Toe moveount as at that hour iu succeiu
! nrosress. No reports to-day f-dm Geo.- Saer-
U1lhe following dispatch from General Bur
bridge, commaudlag in Kentucky, has just
reached here: .
I attacked Morgan at Cynthiana at day
light yesterday morning.
After an hour's bard fighting, I completely
routed him, killing three hundred, wounding
nearly as many, and capturing nearly four
hundred, beside recapturing nearly one hun
dred of Gen. Hobson's comtaaad aud over one
thousand hortes.
Our loss in killed and wounded was about one
hundred and fifty. Morgan's scattered forces
fl in All directions : have Thrown away
arn out of ammunition, and are wholly .
demoralized. . .
Dispatches from Gen. Butler at 9 o clock this
eveuiujr indicate no change in his command.
No further intelligence nas oeeu u'v
from Gen. Humter.
Edwin M. Stanton,
Secretary of War.
.LOSSEiPl AT COLD HARBOR.
The truth about the Yankee losses in the
battle of Cold Harbor, is beginning to leak out.
A correspondent of the Tribune says that the
loss of the 18th Corps was very severe. Many
of the regiments who participated in the charges
upon our" batteries, lost from one-third to oae
half of their number. Col. Weed, of the y8tn,
aud Col. Drake, of the 1 12th N. Y. regiments,
were among the killed. The last was aeting
Brigadier.
From th.e Petersburg Express of Tuesday.
NO GENERAL ENGAGEMENT Y ESTER-
DAY HEAVY SKIRMISHING THE
ENEMY CONTINUE TO SHELL THE
CHY OUU TROOPS EAGER FOR
THE FRAY.
Contrary to public expectation there was
not a general engagement yesterday between
the two great armies now massed near the
corporate limits of Petersburg. From certain
movements of the enemy, which were unmus
takeably apparent oa Sanday, every body
with whom we conversed, folly expected the
ball to open at an .early hour ye.nterday. ic
was though c too, that the chief efforts of the
foe would be directed against our left, as in
that direction he was observed actively mov
ing on Sunday. But as an evidence of the
uncertainty of military operations, all was
unusually quiet up to half past sis o'clock last
evening, on the. part of the enemy's lines. It
may be that the enemy con tern plates'an assault
here, and as it is very near the river, and would
give him control of that important stream,
we should not be surprised at any moment
to hear that Grant had made one of his char
acteristic assaults in the vicinity of Jordan's
Farm, but of course he is under the eye of
watchful leaders, and strike wiiere he will an
opposition will be offered, that will test the
metal and endurance of his hordes to their
fullest capacity.
On other portions of the lines there was
heavy ekiimihicg- yesterday, but nothing
more. The enemy have learned a lesson,
during the past four or ne days, which has
not been without its salutary eifects. He ap
proaches now with great caution, and the Itast
show of determined .'opposition on our pert,
generally eauses him to ciefist. This was
especially the case yesterday.
ARTILLERY PRACTIC I.
There was a considerable artillery practice
yesterdav, as must always be the ease where
two armies of such magnitude confront each
other. The damage inflicted, if any, we could
cot ascertain.
THE ENEMY'S RAUBARITi'.
The inhuman, uncivilized and anti Christian
practice of the barbarous foe, was continued
yesterday without abatement. All the day
long, at intervals of evry five. minutes, his
shell were thrown into the city. Fortunate,
the ingenious loo have discovered no plan or
method ot deadening or destroying th- sound,
when they hurl their deadly missiles into our
midst, and every report which falls upon the
ear, puts ail persons in exposed situations on
the watch. Their whizzing sound and rapid
flight through the air, are easily heard and
seen, and hence we aie glad to know that the
damage inflicted yesterday amounted to com
paratively rfothiug. We heard of a little bricks
and mortar being displaced, the pavements
torn up in two or three streets, and in one in
stance a large store door on Sycamore street
was nnhinged. But we heard of no injury to
life or litnb yesterday, and the enemy pro
bably threw an aggregate of 150 or more
shells into the city's limits.
A GRKAT DELUSI0K.
It is quite evident from a speech delivered
by Lincoln in Philadelphia on Thursday last,
that his ticklers, Grant and Staunton, have
impressed upon his obtuse brain the ridicu
lous idea that the army cf the Potomac now
occupies a position, from which it cannct be
driven by Gen. Lee. This speech will be
found in another portion of to-day's Express.
Never, however, did Lincoln labor under a
more fallacious idea. Of all the positions the
army of the Potomac has occupied, and they
have been numerous, no one has been more
precarious than the present. In due time Old
Abe will learn to his sorrow, that our opinion
on this matter is correct, and that of hi
"greatest ol all living generals'' wrong.
THE FLAGS OF TRUCE.
The flags of truce sent in by the enemy
Sunday, and referred to by us yesterday, was
forwarded by that cautious Yankee comman
der, Meade. He desired the privilege f
burying bis dead. For obvibus reasons,
which it is not necessary here to mention,
Gen. Beauregard courteously, but perempto
rily declined to grant the requests It seems
a little singular, that in ail the heavy fights
in the Wilderness, and around Syoisylvabia
Courthouse, thousands upon thousands of
Yankee dead were" permitted to bake and
fester, and yet no solicitude was manifested
for their burial. . But now when the fatal
casual ties are not near so large, because of
the fewer numbers engaged, the enemy man
ifests an undue anxiety to put his dead under
the sod. This glaring inconsistency must
trike every reader at the first .glance.
THE ENEMY'S STRENGTH.
An ordinarily intelligent Teuton, who fell
into our hands Saturday night, gave the brave
Confederate who captured him, a statement of
Grant's forces, which is believed to be in the
main correct. He says Grant's army now on
the Southsid of James River, is composed of
the Second, Fifth, Ninth, Tenth, Eighteenth
and Twentieth Corps. The second, command
ed by Hancock;he Fifth by Warre. and the
Nith by Burmdde, are all operating imme
diately around Petersburg. The Eighteenth,
commanded by Baldy Smith, is at ana near
Bermuda Hundreds. The Tenth and Twelfth,
have no regular commanders, and are held
near Point as a reserve. All these army
corps hive been fearfully reduced since the
commencement of the 'present campaign, and
many of the regimen's compo.-nsf
not now muster 200 men.
The prisoner who furnishes- tin
.tion, says he was enli.-icd in Genxaf
a half years ago, and lor uuyJ
them, do
i informa
lly two and
purpose of
To is highly
en prisouer.
righting m the 1 an lice army
pleased at the idea vl
being, tal
LATEST.
Last evening about seven o&
was observed to doane his piJ
treme le!t a generaPv ware j
attack on his part. Up te
morning, no engagement b
there was much picket firing
ck, the enemy
ets on our ex
idication of an
ne o'clock this
d occurr.d, but
going on.
Interesting Letter fra
Hansom's Brl-
gacte.
Camp Ransom's iiaADE, June 20.
EHtors Confederate: Knowing that you
take an interest in all hW llt.r8, an( Csp-oially
in North Carolina brigadf have determined
to give you an account uf the part taken by
Ransom's brigade in the defence of the
"Cockade City." . '
On Wednesday even the 15th, we were
in camp at Chanin' fa iTn. threo miles below
D re wry' Biuff, living magnificently from the
luxuriant gardens, w aich the troops that had
been stationed there " oefore us had-been .prov
ident enough to lef vein fine vegetation, and
also the fisheries, ith true soldierly instinct,
almost oblivious of the distant roaring of Lee's
cannonading.
At 7 o'clock p . m. that day, wc received
orders directly from General Lee, to report
.. . . .
"witnout.ioss ok t .me to Gen. Beauregard.
We were sooarv a dy and on the march. Tho
men were in excellent plight and soon it waa .
known alon; the lines that Petersburg was in
danger; and th.s influence was electric, for
we all love Petersburg, and I have often heard
tt said iu the bi-igade, that they had rather
fight for Petersburg and Weldon than any
other places in the Confederacy. I suppose
that tho briga.rle lias imbibed some of this
veneration for liable '-little Petersburg," from
their irullaut commander, Gen. Matt. Ransom,
who has .frequently ' said, that should there
ever bo a. battle aroang Petersburg-, be. trusted
that his. brigade might participate. The only
regret tbat we have is that he was not
with ua.
.Marching all Wednesday night, we arrived
at Petersburg Thursday morning very early.
We. were ordered in a double-quick to the
fronflines, at their intersection with the Bax
ter road, anti placed in position under a very
heavy fere ot artillery and infantry enfilading
us from the iett ol the frout entrenchments,
which had been taken by the enemy on the
night previous
la placing the brigade in position, Captain
John C. Pegram, A. A. G., fell mortally
wounded. He was a brave, generous and
noble man, combining in him elements of the
gentleman and oftlcer that are rare! v met with
even in our army. From the day that the
brave B-artow fell upon the first battle ground
of Manassas to the present time, there fcas not
fallen any soldier who more gallantly died
than did Capt. Pegram. The brigade feels
his oss deeply.
We held this line on Thursday. That even
ing late, the enemy charged our lines, only
engaging in our front the 24th North Carolina
regiment, commanded by Maj. Love, and were
handsomely repulsed. They cbarged right up
to the works, but not being able to pierce the
24th, they threw down their arms and surren
dered. We rested on ourarms quietly Thursday
night, though the left of our army was constant
ly engaged in heavy sharpshooting.
Soon Fridty morning I was arooted from a
deep sleep, worn almost out from fatigue, by
load cheeriug i.f the enemy on our left, but
waited patiently, anticipating every moment to
hear a responsive yell of d fiance from our
Southern boys; but soon sti-agglsrs and im
mediately after large bodies of our army were
seen rapidly retiring from the left, toying that
II 1 J1A. I-- ..I f !
ma enemy naa taxen tue leu oi our hups.
This some attribute to the weakness of the
lines held by Maj. Gu. Bushrod Johns m old
Brigade, (Tennessee) but officers in that Bri
gade affirm that there wO on open interval on
their left, entirely unoccupied, into which the
yaukees crept and filed immediately in thir
rear, thereby necessitating their retreat.
The only alternative for us, was to form line
in rear, and facing to the enemy, as they were
now seen charging up our captured works; which
we did iu perfect order, and awaited their ar
rival ; but they did not attack our new line.
The 24tb, regiment lost considerably in killed
and wounded iu leaving the intrenebments, and
the 25th North Carolina lost sme-. Our new
line held by us en Friday, was unattacked
during the day, but we were exposed to some
shelling.
' Friday night at 8 o'clock we received orders
to support Gen. Wise's Brigade on our left, as
the yankces were sorely pressing it. We moved
ofF immediately, but upon arriving in rear of
the-position held by this Brigade, no one being
there to inform us of its retreat, Col. Faison,
commanding the Brigade, threw forward some
scouts and soen ascertained that their works
were held by the enemy. The Brigade was
then ordered to retake them. Every thing de
pended upon the charge of this Brigade, and
the men mindful of their Plymouth repatation,
and thinking of the sufferings to be entailed on
the citizens of Petersburg should the enemy
break our lines, were determined to conquer cr
perish in the attempt. They dashed forward
with a yell and the yanktes were soon dislodg
ed, though we lost heavily in so doing.
We captured about four hundred prisoners, '
with.two stands of colors ; the prisoners we
took stating that their two regiment wese all
killed or captured. This was a brilliant charge
and should rank Ransom's Brigade side by side
with Gordon's noble .Brigade, Ramseur's and
some others of Lee a army which have immor
talized themselves upen the blood-stained fields
of Spotsylvania Court House.
It would be doing great injustice, were I not
to include the 22nd South Carolina regiment in
this charge. They sustained the well-earned
reputation that has been characteristic of South
Carolina troops since the inauguration of hos
tilities. In this charge Col. J. C. Jones, of the 3oth
N. C. regiment, and Capt. Blackwell of the
same, were both killed. GjI. Jones wou im
mortal renown in the Plymouth fight, and
again distinguished himself in the charge of
bis regiment at the Ware Bottom Church, and
sealed his fate in the last glorious charge of
Ransom's brigade. He was a good soldier and
true christian, and his memory, together with
the brave Blackwell, will be embalmed in the
hearts of all the members of this brigade who .
knew their estimable qualities.- Col. Jones
own regiment laments his loss even as a
mother "mourns over her first bora." I have
never seen any thing equal to the devotion of
his men fo& him.
Lieut; Col. Bryson, of the 25th N. C, also
acted very well, displaying his usual coolness
in ihe charge of his. regiment, though he was
wounded very early in the action, but not
dangerously hurl. Maj. Love, when his reg
iment on Friday morning was forced to fall
back, displayed traits of soldierly ability that -won
the admiration of all who saw him, and
showed himself a brave and efficient officer.
Af er making the above charge, we were
ordered back to a new line, which we now. '
hold, having been several times assaulted in
our position by the enemy, but with no effect
upon our lines. I believe 1 utter theseritimont
of every true soldier arotiud Petersburg, when
I ssy that.tliK yankees will (have to charge
through scenes yet unknowu to them, before
they take Petersburg. We have in tde up our
mind, to die, if theie need be in the cause of
her hospitable inhabitants; and nty We soon
be able, by the assistance of Diviue Provi
dence, to expel these miscreants from before
her gates and let the busy scenes of merchan
dise aud tne gleeful notes ol children's happy
tones once again resound through streets now
only reverberating with the roar of .camion.
"JUST1IIA."
For the Confederate.
"Tlie Cloven Foot in QranTillc."
As candidate Holdeu has. been kind enough
to volunteer his, counsel to the benighted
voters of Granville, under the aliove eaptiou,
I vill notice some of his po.-i ions. He sets
out by pronouncingthe ticket of Taylor, Amis,
.Lanier and Dr. Young, a full blown destructive
ticket. Now, what are the facts 7 As to
Charles T.iylor, iu by-gone years be was what
Holdcn would call a Democrat of the stritest
sect was' a Union man up to the time of
Lincoln's call for seventy-five thousand men
to subjugate the South; then it was be aban
doned the Union and took sides with the South.
He h.-.s contributed liberally of his means for
the support of the cause ; he has given two,
if not three promising sons t j the cause, one
of - which fills a patriot's grave, and another is
a cripple f n life. As to himself, being a man
of large family. and somewhat advanced iu
life, ho. has not gone into the service himself, 1
for the best of rtasos, lie has done more good
at home than ho could have done in the rank .
and has : done his full share iu supporting the
families'of our brave defenders.
. And who is Col. Amis and what are his
antecedents ? Col. Amis rs not unknown to
fame. He has been a Whi from his earliest
manhood, has frequently represented the coun
ty in the Legislature, iu whioh body he has
always been considered one of its most useful
members. By his untiring industry, together
with his fine talents, uo man who has ever
represented this county has had more influence f
iu that body. He was a member of the.Con
vention, aud voted with the immaculate Hol
deu fjr tlie secession of the State. He was
elected two years ago to the last Legislature;
in fact, he has fiiled overy position he has ever
occupied with credit to himself andhon r to
his county.
Aud" what ab 4it Mark Lanier ? Ho has
never dabbled in politics, but has been a quiet
voter on the VVhig ticket ever sinca he was
twenty -one. Is now well advanced in years,
is a lawyer of splendid attainments, whose
straight-forward honesty has never been ques
tioned, and was a stronger Union man, if pos
sible, than eithor Taylor or Amis ; in fact was
amongst the last, if net the very last Union
man in the county.
As to Dr Youugrho has shown his faith by
his works. He quit perhaps the most lucra
tive practice of any physician in this part of
tho State, and has been doing surgeou's service
in the army for more than three years.
And these are the men who are denounced
by this self nominated candidate as ."DesJruc
tives. O, sfcjrae, wherti j8 thy blush? And
Why are they so denouueed? k imply because
they are not in favour of Holdeu for Governor.
But the people of Granville know them to be
true to the cause of the South ; they know
another thing, that they are thorougly op
posed to the election of Holden, and will either
elect them, or some other gentlemen of similar
views. What are the facts ? About two months
ago, it was understood that two cf the old mem
bers wero in favour ef Holdeu for Governor;
but after cast ngj ar. uad a spell and fiudisg
which way the cut t ent was setting, the scales
suddeuly fell from their eys and they are now
marvellous good Vance men There is another
individual who attended a meeting of the. sub
stitute men in Oxford, and made a speech and
who spoke words of learned length and thun
dering souud, and it is understood is a candidate
for Legislative honors and to keep out of the
enrolling officer's clutches. He was at that
time said to be in favour of Holden; but sot
so now, not a bit of it ; he is at this time, par
excellence, a Vance inau. The faot is, there has
beeu soma dozen or more gentlemen spoken of
as candidates, not One of whom is in favour of
Holden.
' The course of the old members in the lat
Legislature, in voting to exenlpt young magis
trates and militia officers, has displeased a larg
majority of the people of this county Hence
it is we are in favour of taking up a different
set of men. As to Hofdenism, there is but little
of the article in this county, and it is growing
small by degrees and beautifully less." By
the way, I see that Holden denies the state
ment of Hampton and others in their cetifi
catfijs. I have no doubt hundreds of gentlemen
have heard him use the same, or similar re
marks, at or about that time, ou of which I
will now refer you to ; the gentleman is W. II.
Smith, sheriff of Person county, who heard
Mr. Holden, in the month uf January or Febu
ary last, in Raleigh, and when advocating a
Convention, make the unequivocall declaration
tbat North Carolima would call a Convention
and he out of the Confederate Union ia less
than six months. And this is the man who
sets.himself up for Governor of North Carolinia,
and takes apon himself to denounce every oae
who does not support him, as a Destructive
Was ever such impudence seen or heard of, I
don't eelieve there will be two hundred Holden
votes polled in this county. The needle is not
truer to the pole, than a certain class of place.
hunters are to the principle of quitting the
cause of a weak candidate. TAR RIVER.
Berea, Granville county, June 17th.
Virginia Virginia, says the Sumter (S.
C.) Watchman, bares her beautiful bosom to
the arrows of the mighty and receives again
the full shock of battle. She sends forth no
wail of anguish, nor voice of murmuring and
complaint. Though her hills are shaken by
hostile cannon, acd her valleys are made red
with blood of her slain, she still bears her crest
erect, aud burls defiance at the foe. And if
any State has ever earred immortality by the
concentration of all its energies to a noble
struggle, Virginia has done so. The fourth
year of the war finds her soil still the battle
ground on which mighty hosts contend, and
yet her people quail not; and she is writing for
herself, in glorious deeds, a history where
every 4age will be illustrious and worthy of
herself.
From Suffolk and Vicinity. Raiding
parties, says the Christian Sun, are going out
in every direction from Suffolk, robbing the
farmers of horses, provisions, etc. Butler has
issued orders Jo have all the horses taken in
Nansemond, Itde of Wight and Gates county
N. O, so as to prevent the making of crops.
A party came into Suffolk last Friday, with
114 horses and mules taken from their owners.
Another party was at Chuckatuck, and cap
turd Dr. Wm. T. Jordan, of the Signal
Corps, and a citizen, carrying tfiem off. Great
distress and consternation pervades the whole
section of country now givec up to the rava
" ges of the cruel enemy.
NEW BOOKS ! NEW BOOKS ! !
(Our Own Publications.)
Myrtle Leaves, just from the press
00
-i
2 o.
J .
J !'
1 nl
ir.
.mi
Priaiarv Gjjrraphv" " .
York's English Grammar,
First Book in Composition,
Hill's Pocuu, second edition,
MoiTen andiLinda
Dixie Primer, pictorial third edition,
First Dixie Iteader,'
The Dixie Spelling Bookin press, .
Johnson's School Arithmetic in press,
The Jack .Uo- ?nn Songster ia press
Elementary Spelling liook in press.
Uue third on to tne trade.
Tho following Books ar published at varh
places in the Confcd'eracv
"NOVELS.
Lady Andley's Secret,
Dickcn's La'st Xovel,
Robert and Harold,
Eleanor's Victory,
Lhs Miserable Fantir.e,
" " Maiiua,
" " St. Dennis,
" Jean Valjeaa,
The Bohemian,
Raids and Romance of Morgan
Field and Fireside Novelette.
5 on
'2 co
3
51
:; oi
:s no
a o
3 mi
1 r
; j'
2 tkl
2 IK)
5 o)
3 OO
and Men,
The Confederate A Romantic Essay,
Silas Marner,
The Battlo of the Bards
SCHOOL BOOKS.
Hun ten's Piano Forte Instructor,
Lander's Arithmetic.
Kingham' L ttin Grammar,
Primary Geojraphy,
York's English Grammar,
First Book in Composition,
Dixie Primer, Pictorial, third edition,
First Dixie Reader,
WRIeyan Catechism So. 1,
Wesleyan Catechim, No. 2,
3 vo
'2 oo
4 CO
2 00
2 00
2 '
Tm
1 .1
2.1
:,o
: )
75
10 00
; to
5 oo
7 oo
1 2i
1 25
i;npers' t'atecnjsui, .
Sermon Catechism,
Biblical Catechism, by Lansdell.
MILITARY WORKS.
Gilhans Manual,
Army Regulations,
Evolutions of the Line,
Wheeler's Cavalry, ,
Napoleon's Maxims of Wnr
Bayonet Exercise and Skirmish
The Volunteer's Hand-book.
Drill,
1
1
C
G
1
General Orders,
Warren's Surgery, by Dr. Warren.
Volunteer's 1 iekt and Camp Book.
25
(
00
25
MISCELLANEOUS BOOKS
The War and its Heroes, Illustrated "
Myrtle Leaves, "
Hill's Poems,
Southern Model Letcr Writer,
Morven and Linda,
Rival Administrati .ns,
Scriptural Views of National Trials,
Romantic Passages in S. W. History,
The Camp Jester,
Diary of the War,
The Seige of Vicksburg,
The Sunday School Bell,
The Sabbath School Wreath,
Plowing and Ditching,-
Fun for the Camp,
Campaign from Texas to Maryland,
Neeley's Discourses,
Dr. Deems' Sermons,
The Age A New Monthly,
Southern Literary Messenger,
Map of the Confec -.rate States,
Bombardment of Vicksburg, Eugraving
Dr. Deems' Portrait,
Soldier Boy Songster,
Sougs of Love aud Liberty,
General Jackson's Portrait,
Bonnie Blue Flag Song Book,
Cotton Field Melodies,
Rebel Songster,
Confederate Flag Songster,
Stonewall Sonr Bsok.
3
o
50
00
50
00
25
50
00
50
00
00
50
50
70
20
50
0
50
50
50
50
00
50
50
00
75
50
50
50
CO
00
1
1
1
:i
l
i
u
1
1
3
3
o
5
3
1
1
1
1
1
O0
N. B. Those ordering books by mail should
seud an extra ten cents oh the dollar, for pos
tage. . BRANSON & FARRAR,
May 4-tf Raleigh, N. C.
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, 1
Pitt Cousrv. J
Court of Pleas and Quarter Sessions Mav
Term, 18t4.
Henry Sheppnrd, Adm'r of) '
Jos. A. Williams, uoc d
vs. ,V
Distributers of
Jos. A. Williams, deceased. J
Petition to divide
Slaves.
TT APPEARING TO THE SATISFACTION
JL of the Cocrr, that R. R. Foreman and'.vif-,
defendants in this case, are non-resident" of this
State: It is ordered by the Court, that publica
tion be made for six weeks in the Conetlcnif.?,
notifying the said defendants of the filing of this
petition, to appear and answer, Ac, at the next
Term of this Courtor judgment pro confeno will
be granted against them.
GEO. A. DANCEY, C. C. C.
iune 8-ia wCt
. COMMITTED
TO THE JAIL OE WAKE COUNTY, AS A
runaway, on "the 5th of May, a negro wo
man, who says-her name is SALLY BRYANT,
and that sho was raised . in Jones county, by Jo.
Finch. She had on when committed a red cot
ton dress. She is about 25 years old, 5 feet 2 inch
es high, slender, color black, two upper front
tseth out, and rather slow spoken. The owner
of said negro is requested to come forward, provo
property, pay charges and take her away, cr sho
will be dealt with as the law directs.
W. II. HIGH, Sheriff.
92-dltAwtf
NOTICE. The Subscriber having quail-
x fied as Executor of the last Will and testament
of Edwin S. Sanders, deceased, hereby notifies all
persons indebted to the estate of said deceased, to
make immediate payment and settlement, as long
er indulgence cannot be given ; and all persons
having claims against said estate, will present
them for payment within the time prescribed by
law, or this noticw will be plead in bar of their re
covery. This the 25th day of Mav, 1SG4.
JOHN W. HODGES, Executor,
ju 8-19-w4t
Notice. Taken up and committed to
the Jail of Catawba, a dark NEGRO man
about fifty years of age. Said negro says his nam
is PLEASANT, and that he is the property of
Hngh Carlyle and Geo. Henderson of Georgia.
A. J.HELTEN, Jailor.
Newton N. C. April 13th 1864. ' ap. 20 12-wBm
IMITATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, CABAKKUS
O County, Court of Pleas and Quarter Sessions,
April Term, 1864.
M. M. Misenheimer, adm'r
of D. C. Wilhelm, f Petition to sellland.
vt. r
A. M. Wilhelm it others, J
It appearing to the satisfaction of. the Court
that George Logan and wife Nancv, and A. M.
Wilhelm are not inhabitants of. this State, it is
ordered by th Court that publication be mado
for six weeks in the Weekly Confederate for said
defendants to appear at the next term of this
court ta be held for the county of Cabarrus, at
the court house in Concord on the third Monday
in July next, and show caese if any they have,
why the lands described in the petition should not
be sold according to the pravers of the petition.
Witness, Joseph Young, Clerk of our said Court
at otbee in Concord, tho third Monday in April,
A. D. 1864. JOSEPH YOUNG, Clerk.
ma 4-w6t pr. avd. $36.
T. RUNAWAY SLAVE
AKLEN up and committed to the jail of Guil
ford county, some time back, as a runawav
slave, and who calls himself JOHN, and savs hi
belongs to Mr. John Dancv, in Tarboro', Edge
comb county, N. C. He is' black complected, tiro
fet eight inches high, looks to be about 22 years
old; will weigh about 145 lbs. He says be was
hired oat in the western part of N. C, wbn he
ranawav. He says he thinks he ranaway I a t Au
gust. His clothes worn out and he nearly naked.
The owner of s .id boy is reqsted to come for
ward, prove property, ' pay charges, and take
him away, or he will be dealt with as the law di
rects. C. A. BOON, .
Sheriff of Guilford county.
May 16, 1864-w-17 tf
B
00K AND JOB WORK
Neatly executed at THIS UF1UN;