I.-
THE CONFEDERATE.
VmiNES.TlY, JILT 27, 1S84.
More Moraines.
"r7o received intelligence on ysterdy, from
a perfectly reHabie soufc, Cat on the right
of the seventh of July, a of deserters and
tories jitiSered the county t yt:n of Yadkin, aai
Vrwke open the dean f the jail, destroyed tie
oj'i? ur.d "lies- and liberated the pris&ocra
thertir. evuTmed. Among others, ifacr-c were
lhr prisoners in confinem, at tu a charge of
murder for killing aa c.Tcer of :!;a law wbi'e
uttt-riptirg to arrest li:era. 'iSeis band secia-ed
tueir fellows iit for a time held poisetsion of
the trn, ilarming the few ;el)f?bjant by tic
dif,.-f,-'-"2',2 of iirearn.3. Tbcy ar stH to r.uru
ttr hl ut a bu-.drei. Thereafter they were,
rfiiifirc-rd by iW r.l'.ics, r.d having increased
io aV.nt three hundred, thoy started ia the di
r.'Ctiou f Tennessee, hiving frcit threatened
with dcatl. certain loyal m.'n whom tbsy des
ignated, and having mir.O'iTsced their intention
to be j-ret'nf an I vole in the ominj election.
It is said that there were men in the ranks
cf th'i party in full Yankee uniform. ard there
Si no d'.ubt tnrt it wa; an orgn'z J m :verrie:it
of lories to recruit from the Ucerttr who in
fect the county of Yadkin and the adjoining
co'inties. We have 'not a doubt thaf this if
.mother .fep in tho pregrcss of the brotherhood
of the II. 0. A.'s. This tory associati&n is
goring mined trengt.b for mischief. It ia
sited nnj encouraged toitf deds ofvioler.ee by
Mr. HoMeo, who is sending public papers and
private circulars filled with incendiary matter
to excite aud stir up to forco and bloodshed.
Fcr csample : Mr. Ilol.lca perVerta and misrep
resents the reasoning of other papers, aud coar
sen that there is an intention on the part of
Gov. Yaoce and the. Government to prevent the
people from voting as they f lee. He does
thi whe,; ha know;) that this is not tnr?. He
cijargea the Government with despotism de
ports that there is no law in the land whea
he himself U a living tesin.!y of the leniency
pl'a'1 f;..r'earanc:j not only of the Gvernnjeiit,
Jt alro of ti e loyal peop. Hi$ eraissariea
are pri-prtgatirg all manner cf deception. They
eb.kige th.if the President has ordered tie mur
der i f children that Gov. Vnaco threatens ta
pat in the array all who vote for Mr. Ifoldea
that foive will be resorted to, to control the
ballet boxes, nnd when
i ' ''ukliu
V mm ml . r. - " 1 . T f IV V... . , - f
"J ia.'itns, ,ur. 110-UfIl Ulit;actly .5iVlSC3
.ia frietids to go armed to the polls Thr re
sult ef this incendiary course is to incre-sy do
trff..n td! the w'1('8 wiih inrauiei , ard
when these deierttrs uro Uund, they are initia
ted ijito t'no secret Tt-agns f.nd become entitled
t prelection. Tiie t??iitaeny i in the hn U
cf tbt- tiv ver;.ment, thr.: on mire th'in eae cc
cai..a thee deertei3 have ruad.? known their
cRr.tct v itu the U. O. A.'s and hav devel-i-rtZ
it ii!i!S a ikI psswordtf.
Ttitrx'Ji; of thi (rgiuiziti-.ii is develp
Wo hear of it i:w in fJuilfjrd, Ran
:, 1 )ivifIs..M, Ii...vva!), Ciu'.jvba. Misguidcii
nun rc dally mining f)tit of it. But there is
it t a wi'fh that we do not h.-r cf murde
It vv;t;s th? iucendiarv meetings liie violent
ai.d C:ts.-'t r.-us character aod itsf.ueecc of a
p- iiieii oi the p:i.-s, and the inurafe of deser
t;uj, tli.lL led vvtll-di.pused iojti! men to urge
the su?'fhion of the fmircJs urpus. If lit?
j uupitit this SuUe should i eol ligel t fuder
ei bLt.rii.-r and more tevete 1 .-u ?dies, v. ho wilj
It t biaB.e for it V Will not Mr. lioklen ai'd
Lis 5ei;i'WCJi; ?
llf ha- I ff n treated with more cot sidera
tii. nand forbearance th;n any candi-'atH lis
ever ,pp---sd. His lya!ty has lw,t called in
qnef-ti.':, but ti e charge was uttered with
lf'lir-tav.ce.; it has always been couched in
Jer..p?r. J.i)';uate, anl founded on circum-
s! liM-rs and acts entirely legitimate . .testi
mony, aid we regret to s.iy, conclusive. The
i fli rr s f ( t!r amy, from Gen. Lee duvvn,
tee I ai: i decdare the iij.iry ie dee the c wse.
AH the press of the wiole Confederacy, aV.d
all i:- Vadicgjneu 'three-fourths of our s I
liierp i ur prisoners pining in the dungeons
of the nemy, implore their kiu, brethren and
parenis. to vide against him. Every leading
prominent man in the State, of a!! parties
that wc have heard of, except Mr. D.ek aud
Mr. Titos. Settle, declare against hiw ; while
the. yankee press, y I'ikc-e orators, deserters,
H.-.d this leagued suci-ty of tones, are in his
favor. "
From this simple statement, true to tho
letttr, he ought to shrink abashed. But the
qreaiou again arises: Shall these deserters
infeft our population ? Shall our innocent
2-cop!e continuo to be murdered ? Shall the
risk be rua that on election day outlaws, sub
ject to the death penalty for crimes already
committed, will appruach.the precincts and
take possession of the election? If there re
mains aught of patriotism, courage, nverenea
for law and right in North Carolina, this will
be prevented at all hazards... We put the
warning day by day, as the demonstrations of
peri! increase. .
So Yankm Did It.
The Wilmington" Journal says that in tke
fight between the Alabama and the Kearsage,
the Yankees owe their success to the South.
A qu'll from her own plume has struck tke
Southern e.tgle, Capt. Winslow, being, we
egret to gay it, a North Carolinian, a Hano
ver county man, although nearly all Lis life
resident at tb.3 North, and, wc must believe,
although it is hard to believe, thinking him
self right. No Yankee conquered the Ala
bama. That much we know. We are sorry
for -it, bat tha truth might as well be to!d.
Go to the Polls !
Li every man, who is a friend to his conn
trv. and desires that ths war hall have a
m
speedy ending, uon the bas!9 of an honorable
peace with Independence, go to tke polls and
vate for Z. J3. VANCE.
Georgia.
The-enemy are stauuiag at the very doors
of Atla-vrta the iniortant object oi She.n
aati:s advance. (Geo. Jofeoston has leea re
lieved of the svajmaud of tte army, and Gen.
Huud has iu. asaigced to te command.
We baye doubt of tLe wwaocn and policy
of iLh change, though the reasons may ot
t given t) the public.
It will l recollected that last winter t ie
al'le and pntrijfic lender.s cf the army of
Tennessee, in a j Ant coramnuicatioR, repre
.eatited io the Government th uecessty of
fillins up the iAuk6 of the army, and they
iecor. D)nti-d proinpt and-vigorous action in
th? matter. Thereupon Gov. Brown staited
up, mad as a march hare, aud protested . He
pronounced aaiut the coiidcnptkaactB to hi
wncoasstitutio.'.al caused thsm to be resisted,
and tinged the Confederate Governmmt
with despotism and oppression. When ths
enrolling officer ciune to the wot k of conscrip
tion, he interposed his certificate to keep
j evvry militia 4fii-;cr, every justice t ihe
prase, cunsub'e, &c, out of the service,
aud thus left the tn all bat gilbnt and deter
mine t force which Johoston commanded, to
stem th-J torrent unaide.1. And now, the foe.
has dcsuhited a large portion of his State
his humbug of paoe negutiationa is txplo
ded, and he, Gov. Browa, is begio, beseech
ing, imploring all citizens exempts, details,
boys, old men all from 16 to CO to come
o;;t ijud tight ; and he is order. ug his officers
to seize and compel thoao who refuse.
What a lamentable hmniiiatwal what a
confession, wruns out of him, op the wisd iB
and judgement cf.the Government, that would
ere .this have had an array of trained and
disciplined men to drive out the foa, but tor
the obstacles which Gov. Brown and Mr.
i Stephens h;-.ve thrown in their way.
What dues Gov. Brown think of conscrin-
tion now, when the nccetsiiy of universal
conscription is upon him ? Where is his
! Georgia Platform? Alus ! it is to be hoped
i and prayed for that his long defernd action
! may not now he loo lale.
And to prtchely this state of thir.ga would
Mr. Hidden bring us in North Carolina. lie
crie-j peace, when he knowa that he cannot da-
5 pue act to promote it. He. advocates the ex
! emptiouof militia officers, jutticc-s, cor.stables,
-unors, &
, com 1 e:;iii the enrolment of tke old men and
l boys. And by his violent accusU'in against
I tlnv Guvei umcni, lie invites the advance of the
j cnemv !
i Still we hope and believe that Atlanta will
jbesaed. But not by Gov. Brown will the
I de'iverance be effected.
The Standard.
1
I We picked up this paper to-day and glanced '
! over it. Mr. liulden is iill belaboring Ins
i own claims to U' Governor still lauding
j his own nieritt; abu-ing his opponents, and
j dpuou:ioi.:g tli.se who are cot for him!
j Nevr was such an expose of folly, immodesty,
; a.d r.tsemhiUtv witne-ec-d in political an
j i;a!s. The same siereotjpe siang of stall
I fedtralCft, bloikide, forage, tiaval ?tr?s, aixl
: all the other himibuvierv which an urilimited
! armory tupples. 1'oi r, c ntemptib!e expo-
suits of buffoonery ai:d malice. .
j And the ''chaf-tida" that single "chas
: sela' hanging so luxuriantly, p.rmising " to
melt io his mcuLh," but never roel'ig and
: that nirnth f-o j er., s." w illing to be " melted
; in." WeTl.ii.k we see ilr Hf ldtn heneadi
: the grape-viLe his body p. .ied his limbs
at ft bow his he-;d thrown hack his eyes
; set. upon the "chassela" of the Governorship,
1 pendiug ko temptingly, yet so provr kingly
( his eager, hopeful, and anxious mouth open
! distendtd all J'gape to catch the " golden
; grape." But it will not drop and Mr. IIol
! don cannot climb the vine he it nDt strong
1 enough in the knees lie will have to be
I lifted up and' then he will suffer sme
! suspense, before he tastes the fruit.
j What a picture that, of being ia suspense
, beneath a grape-vine and all for one grape !
; There will be
; abent that.
no "odor of Naval Stores"
i The fact that so large a number of gentlemen
t arA rn 'iionf. fur tKis T.oaislaMira in 1 1 o I i O'avm- f
Ml ... .... I Li v s I 11V 1 J1 I . T v U I V 1 U tUV VtlllLI t UU
! d ltes. is significant. Examine the columns of
j the 'Progress'' and "Standard" end then ex-
i
amine the Conservative and Confederate,
I Vance s organt, and it will be seen that much
the lareer number are openly and avowedly for
I Mr. Holden. These gentlemen know that the
great hearkof the Conservative party is with
Mr. Holden and that true Conservatives are
not likely o stand by or support those who
aSliate with Vance and his Destructives sop
porters. We shall not only elect Mr. Holden
Governor, but we shall have a majority of
true Conservatives in the Legislature.
Progress.
Of all the unblushing, truth-defying, outright
lieintj declarations of this unscrupulous slave
j aud hireling of the self-ncminated, the above
is the rnoet daring It is a notorious fact,
that there are not Holden candidates for the
Legislature Tunning in one-third ef the coun
ties in the State ; and ml the few that are in
the field, not one-third of them have any hope
or expectation of election. .
Vandalism. Kirk, oa his retreat from
Morgan, through Mitchell county, burnt the
fine residence of Col. John B. Palmer, the
Ctmmandant of that Military District. He
ace a complete job of it, burning residence
and cuthouses, with all their contents, includ
ing much of Col. Parmer's furniture, many
books and other property. Such an act is
inexcusable upon any ground. Kirk may ona
of these cays fa"d into tte bands of the Col
onel. In the Federal House of Kepresentatives a
cnromiUee reported adverse ly on the memorial,
of citisens of Illinois, for a cessation of hbs-
t tilities against the rebels.
i
' From the beginning, tkere have been three f
j bnee of peace ocly for.tbe Suth, naaaely, j
me TCiaaiary Baaflnnieni oi ooBiuiuei 07 mts ;
4nemy; armed interference by foreign powere ; j
and compulsory peace xtorte4 by the vigor of
Southern arras. For a lng tme our people
beguiled themselves with the delusion that the
North would soon desist from this imholy war,
uuder the influence of the better in;tinets
which govern enlightened eammaBitiss deriving
their principles of action from the gospels of
Christianity. It is creditable to the christian
character of tke Southern people te reject Lw
long they chevi6bed this fond hallucination.
They ascribed the brutalities ot tne Yankee
forces t the base passions which mast actuate
all ccrr.moa ftldiers enlisted in the streets of
cities from the lowest classes of foreigners and
natives ; and they were even so weak as to ex
pect ttat these very barbarities would hastea
the hour of peace by the shock tfaey would giTe
to the moral sense of the Northern communi
ty. It hag only been during the liter stages of
the war that the Southern people have aban
doaed.these charitable ideas, and have reluctant
ly embraced the weli-feunded conclusion that
euuaity, bitteraess and hatred towards them
are the all-ceotrolling sentiments of the North,
and that there can be no peace with that peo
ple except by compulsion in some cogeat form.
This, now, is the universal belief of the South,
and'thc conviction has been the salvation of our
cause, jinit:.ng the whole Southern community,
as it dqs, io unanimous aud cordial support of
all the stringent measures necessary to the
public safety.
Another r'angerous delusion, long and fond
ly chei?hed, has also been for some time alto
gefberdispelled. It was th strange idea
.that foreign power, would interfere wi;h force
to settle the peace of .this continent. It was
Wonderful to what an ex?rerne this expecta
tion was carried. It was so firmly riveted into
the minds of the Confederate authorities that
the commonest precautions were omitted; and
the commencement of hostilities found us ut
terly unprepared in the firt essentials of mili
tary dt fence; that delusion also, which had
well cigh proved our rnin, and which was
pursued until it had led uj almost into the
jaws Qf perdition, has at last been happily
surrendered. It would now be restnted as an
insult to the intelligence of the Southern.
mind, if it were insisted that peace on this
continent depended upon the hoi!ow friend-
I ship, the cowardlv counsels or the pretentious
philaoihropy of fbreiu powers. Our peep!
are thoroughly cured of these stupid expecta
tions, and their cause is stronger and healthier
than ever, in consequence of theenrs. It has
combined the puhiick sentiments in earnest
support of vigorous measures, and enabled
Congress t reapply every resource of the country
to the puhiick defence.
The South had like to have lost herexis
tence by the faith t h reposeddn the better
instincts of the Northern .and the foreign
worhi. Hr generous confidence in the kind
ly sympathies of enlightened humanity, in
the benign sentiments of modern civiliBation,
in the cultivated philanthropy nnd charity of
modern Chiisiianity, had &J1 nigh,, wrecked
her liberties, aud surrendered her a helpless
victim to the Moloch, of Examination, fieri
losses have been gr -at and " her sufTerir.s most
severe, but th"y were doubtless Providential.'
Without trial, su fit ring a;d IribuiatioE, na
tions have never risen to decided greatness
A long period of bhodv struggle is necessary
lo teach the value of independence and na
ti jnality when achieved. The baptism of
blood seems an essential historic rite in the
inauguration of mfant nationalities. With
out a history rich in heroio incident, tjie ele
vated sentiments necessary to the mainte
nance of natumal existence could not -be long
kept alive. Borrowing the language of that
heathen preacher of the gospel of blood, R.
J Breckenridge, who recently addressed a
pandemonium of politicians at Baltimore, but
substiiuting a nle one of his terms, it may
safely be declared that, "Dreadful as they are,
4 'thef-.e fearful truths run .through the whole
"history of mankind, namely, that w.hatever
4,e:se may be done to give stability to an au
"thnrity whatever else may bo don to give
"perpetuity to institutions, however wise,
"however glorious and whatever may be the
''philosophy of it. it has been foand that tin
'only imperishable cement of all institutions
'has been the blood of patriots.
"No Government has ever stood upon irre
sistible foundations, which foundations wire
"not built on pqiriois' blood. Is is a fearful
"iiuth, but we had as well avow it at once.
"Every blvw you strike, and every mau you
' kill, and every battle 'you win, reluctant as
we are to to it, is adding a decade, it may bo
a century, it may be ten cenmrie3, to the
"perpetuity of our Government asd the free
dom of our children.7
The Evil Spirit put it into the mouth of
the "reverend' vampire, who spoke at Balti
moie, to say that political power could nly
be perpetrated by outrage, tyranny, aggres
sion and the unstinted shedding of "traitors'
blood;" but the idea was a perversion of the
true one, which is that-the strongest tyrannies
are brought to rujn by the measures which
entail these shocking butcheries, and that it
is out of these very enormities that new nation
alities, worthy of perpetuation, take their birth
Evety intelligent Southern man trembles to
reflect what might have been the fate of this
Confederacy if,nstead of resorting to war and
corrcion, the North- had employed the mild
alternatives of persuasion and conciliation to
bring the secedicg States back into the Union.
Every man now sees that if the Author and
and Kuler of national destinies had designed
to thwart the Southern movement, and to
preserve the late Union on its original basis,
he would have prevented a collision of arms
and left it to timo and peaceful relations to
re-unite the divided Union in a federation mere
firm and harmonious than ever. The fact
that Providence has permitted a war on the
largest Fcale, and of unprecedented ferocity
a war entirely unnecessary for the purpse
pro.'esed by those who have conducted it
against us, and to have gone on for four years,
until every secret hope and every latent possi
bility of reconstruction has been extinguished,
is, in itself, conclusive proof that it is a Prov
idential design that the separation shall be
perpetual, and that a new sovereign shall
have fixed existence on this ectinent.
In this point of view, it is not a subject of
regret that the South clung so long to the
delusive expectation of Yankee moderation
and foreign intervention. Those delusions are
past. We have had to fight or way to lib
eity. We have had to extort the recognition
of nations by an exhibition of an undeniable
military power and prowess m the most im
posing form. The campaign of 18C4 will
have cost us many invaluable lives and much
material loss ; but the results will be greater
and oi more value than those achieved in all
the previous years of . the war together. We
shall. have enforend a larger share of foreign
respect than we ever before accorded us ; and,
more important still, we shall have forced the
reiuctaat conviction upon the Yankee mind,
that if subjugation be possible at all, it can
only be accomplished at a cost of iife and
treasure appaolingpy disproportionate to any
possible advantage which subjugation can
bringt
jn 8,ort, if the campaign of 1864 does not
Becure pace and indep'ender.ce,Jt wiil make
i. tfa fact that the gure5t and satest path
f01nce is that which shall be cut by the
sword. The Southern people have long enough
-m ... 1
indulged vague and vain hopes that the war
was to "beended by some sort of pacific pro- j
cess: Tnse hops have all one by one b?en
relinquishad ; and it is to the conviction that
there is no of her chance 'of peace but in haid
fighting, that tbcunir.terrupted success of our
arndes for the last six months is due. This
conviction isnwerth a hundred thousand men
to our cciise ; aud it is this " reinforcement
which has enabled our "armies to cope wiih
the unlimited numbers of the energy. Pack.
For th Confederate.
The Situation. .
'There is beyond the shadow of a doubt, a
fearful crisis approaching in the bitd(y of
North Carolina. Already his the insidious ser
pent put forth his forked tongue of venom, as a
prelude to be destruction which is to follow :
already has- his wicked influence been epread
abroad ; and unless checked speedily and crush
ed, the amount of woe and misserw which will
inevitably follow, is beyond the conception of
any one.
The fearful crisis to which we allude, is thit
which awaits the good people of the Old
North State in the event of W. W. Ilo'.deu's
election to her Chief Magistracy. A more
direful calamity could not be visited upon us.
The most destructive plagues sent against the
children of Luael would be ours, socially and
politically. And in order that this fearful ca
lamity may not befall us, and ourmucb hon
ored and gallant soldiers, let the deeds of this
hypocrite aud demagogue be sounded all over
our beloved Stats ; let each and every family
know of his base designs, which have been and
still $re of the blackest hue ; and yet he wants
to rule the people and land of the very State
which ought to recoil at the approach of his
polluted toot.
Be not led off by the deception he is trying
to practice upon the people, that bright pejico
wiil follow immediate!' after his election. Be
not deceived, fellow-citizens ; Holden's elec
tion will be followed by a prolongation of the
war.
Should not Hold en's history suffice to snow
what he is and how he has at all times ncted ?
Can one of you noblo soldiers recount even
one instance where Mr. HoMen did anything
to relieve the wants and comfort the distress
of the wives and families of those battling
for freedom? Nay, verily; but on the other
hand many are the instances in which he has
scattered discord and strife among the people,
and caused many of North Carolina's noble
sons to die at the felon's stake, by publishing
false accounts of the distress at home. You
all kliow it to be so. Many of you have wit
nessed the solemn ceremony of one of your
br.-.tl er soldier? led forth to bo shot by our
own trops. What brought it about but-the
reading of his traitorous sheet? And a few
moments before the order is given w'hich is to
jaUi)Cb lne soldier into eternity, ho is heard to
exclaim Oh ! that Iliad not read UolJen's
paper !
Soldiers, you all know, that your suffering
has .,een great ; but all has been done that
could be to mitigate yoursHffeiing and the
suffering of vour dear families while you are
battling for right ; and if we were to give up
the contest now, there would ascend from the
graves of the roted dead, as in tones of thun
der, "sabme upon our comrades who thus dis
graced us and crave nly refused to avenge our
death." No, no. Let us not doubt or des
pond ; but let us rally around our noble
Vance ; and when our independence is-secured
an event we blive cot far distant, then all
your trials and endurance will be repaid and
ou can return home to your loved ones, aud
your glorious old State, with a Governor of
whom you will not be .ashed.
Fromi the Standard.
Mr. Editor : A I have seen so much in the
Confederate recently, applauding Oev. Vance
and villifying W. W. Holden, I have concluded,
although a wounded soldier, to say a few words,
if it will not be out of place. I have been
wounded several months and have been at home
on furlough during that time. I have also
been in different" portions of the State, and I
am glad to be able to say that Gov. Vance is
losing ground fast. His great fuss i,f speaking
and saving so much has set the people at vari
ance with him. He is saying too muc. e
want action, and not words. We have had too
much of such speaking before the war com
menced for our good, and now when the enemy
are bombing at the gates of the Capital of the
Confeder&cy, we think. tSov. Vance could bo bet
ter employed than he is, canvassing the State
and haranguing the people for their votes. But
I am very well satisfied myself for I think there
is no danger of his being elected. If there was
but one other man in the Confederacy to op
pose Gov. Vance I would vote for his competi
tor, for I think there are but few men in ths
State who would not do as much for the people.
as Gov. Vance has done or is.likely to do if he
is elected a second time.
I would say to the Editors of the Confederate
and the Conservative that the people bad much
rather see the casualties of the regiments to
which their friends belong, tnan to 6ee so much
nonsense about Gov. Vance and W. W. Holden.
But I suppose they think they can humbug the
people out of their votes, but lean inform them
that they are very much mistaken. We will
see the first Thursday in August who is right
and who is not. WOUNDED SOLDIER,
Co. K, 13th N. C T.
Kittrells, July 4th 1864.
Kittrells, N. C., July 18, 1864.
Messes. Editors : We notice-in the Stan
dard of the 8th inst., the above, which pur
ports to be a communication from a " woun
ded soldier, Co. K, 13th N. C. T.," written
from this place. Now, as we are the only
soldiers from the 13th regiment, who have
been admitted into this Hospital, and having
found out that there is no "sick or wounded
soldier" from this regiment in the neighbor
hood, we must conclude that the communica
tion is a forgery gotten up for Mr. Holden's
benefit aad feel it our duty to denounce it
as such. We will never consent to disgrace
the old 13th, and think we would be doing
so by holding any such treasonable corres
pondence with Mr. Holden ; and if he de
signs manufacturing letters to secure votes,
he must in the future select other regiments.
We are for Vance, and, thank God, if there
are any tories in oar regiment, we do not
know them we allude te ''Holden men."
If the correspondence Inferred to. was aot
gotten p in Xte standard office, it is the pro
duction cf some deserter ; and wQ wish oar
friends at home and in the army to knew
that .we hold no correspondence whatever
with Mr. Holden.
T. F. CHANCE,
Co K. 13th N. C0F.
A. W. KIMBOROUGH,
Co. A, 13th N. O. T.
Conservative please ctpy.
TELKGRAPHIC
-
REPORTS F THE PRESS ASSOCIATION.
Entered ccordini- to act of Congress in tns yest
1S3, t, IS. Tbkashkr, ia the Clerk's office
ef tho l3istti t Ooart of tho Cenfederato State
for the Northern District of Georgia.
From Georgia.
ATLANTA, Jnly ISth. The army and pnblic
were surprised this morning by the announcement
of a change of commanders. Gen. Johnston has
been relieved, and Gen. Hood has taken command.
The following it Gen. Johnston's address to the
troops :
Hiadq'rs Army or Tusnus,)
, July 17th, 1S64. f
In obedience to the order of the War Depart
ment, I turn over to Gen. Hood the command of
f rM A nm V f tVt a nntA4Ma4 r f Tamm amiaa
I cannot loave this noble army without express
ing my admiration of the high mi!itaryqnalities
it has displayed so conspicuously in every sol
dierly virtue, endurance of toil, obedience to
orders and brilliant course.
The enemy has never attacked but to be severe
ly repulsed and punished. You, poldiers, have
never argued but from yeur courage, and never
counted your fears. No longer your commander,
Twill still watch your career, and will rejoice in
yonr viatorles. To one and all, I offer assurtnees
ef nry friendship. I bid you an affectionate fare
well. (Signed) . J. E. JOHNSTON.
Gen. Hood on assuming command, issued the
following address :
HSADQUARTBRS ARMT TeNNKSSEK, )
July 18, 184.
Soldiers: In obedience to orders from the
War Department, I assume command of this Army
and department. 1 feel the weight of thrt-espon-
..h;m cnuniv anri nnnaM A.r.i.i
me oy mis posuion, ana enau oena an my ener-
gies and employ all my skill to meet its require-
nients. I look with confidence to yonr patriotism
to stand br me.and re v uwon Vour known nrnwess
mj j j i . r "
to wrest your country from the grasp of the in
vader, entitling yourselves to the preud distinc
tion of being called the deliverers of an oppressed
people.
(Signed) J. B. HOOD, Gen.
Telegraphic communication with Montgomery,
Ala., was suspended last night, near Notass, Ga.
It is supposed to be a portion of the party of the
enemy reported at Talladega, Ala,, on Saturday,
-t :.-j . w i:n
.
Ane mam iorce i cnerian s e.rmy, crossed tne
Chattahoochee between Isham's ford and Roswell,
and ara slowly pushing forirard. Heavy cavalry
, , ... . . ,
siiirmisnmg iook piace una morninr ai uncK
Head, eix miles from this p!ac (Atlanta. )
8ECOMD DISPATCn.
AiUAi ia, Juiy .um. nejn(.:as origaoe at-
a m t m a " . t V I if . I m. .
tacked the enemy's line of skirmishers last even-
incr at Peach Tre creek, and took nosgeHsioB of
thoir breastworks; he then charged the reserved
picketsQupported by Dalworth's corps and cap
tured one hundred and fifty prisoners. The SSth
regiment Illinois volunteers lost in killed and
wounded alone one hundred, while that of the
5th Ohio was severe.
GRIFFIN, GA., Jaly 19. Four milei below
Jonesboro', the engine Sunshine was blown up,
the engineer, Jas. Hoskey, Dr. Dennis, Dr. Har-
ris and a negro wood passer, wero killed ; also
Tanner, of the 35th Tennessee, of the train guard.
The engine and five cars were a total wreck. The
track will be cleared before morning.
From Petersburg.
PETERSBURG, July 20tb. No change in the
situation and no indications of Immediate hos
tilities on the part of Grant. Weather warm and
aultry. A heavy rain tell yesterday, refreshing
everything. ,
m m n .o-i .i .
Tne report of Grant's death is contradicted by
deserters who entered our lines yesterday.
Tha usual Kkirraishinir and cannonading.
From the North. .
TltrHMDNn .Tnlr onh TI, V V n.raUl nf
ai , . r
1h 18th has been received. War news ummpor-
tant; regular communication between Baltimore
kdu asiiingioo oaa ueen rceioi cu. dium umue
a speech at New Orleans in which he declared
that the settlement of our difficulties must pro-
ceed from the moral power of this country which
is'more efficacious than the military power.
Gold in New York 157.
From Richmond.
RICHMOND, July 20. An official diepalch,
received at the -War Department, states that a
1 e f . i i . n i .
large iorce oi me enemy croeseu me onenanaoan
at Snickers on tho 18th. At 3 p. m., they were
attacked and driven across the river in confusion,
r i . j v-. - nun j oac . ,
Our loss stated between 200 and 300 ; that of the
enemy much greater,
The Threats of Deserters and Tories.
We understand that there were some three
hondred deserters and tories assembled near
Yadkinville. T.dkin county, on Friday last
that they were going ,n the direction of
likes county, with a view, it is thought,
ef co-opi-rating with the notorious tory chief,
Colonel Kirk. These brigands declare tbev
intend to take possession of the polls in the
Western coenties that " they intend them
selves to vote for -Holden. and that no man
shall be allowed to vote unless he votes the
Holden ticket. This information coincides
with what we have heard from various sour
ces in the West. That this determination
dees exist, oa the part of the tories and de
serters, and that they nre combining and or
ganizing with that view, we have not a par
ticle of doubt. And the reason is very obvieu.
ThsBf! lawless and desperate men have forfeit
ed their lives, and they know that if the
South is successful in our struggle for inde
pendence, they have nothing to hope from tke
new government they have everything to
lose and nothing to gain by oar success.
They have aa idea that Holden is their friend
that, if elected, he will protect and defend
them that they can leave the woods and re
turn to their homes that a Confederate sol
dier will aot dare molest them while Mr.
Holden is Governor and that the election of
Mr. Hidden would accomplish mnch (in which
opinion we fully concur) towards the down
fall and ruin of thd Confederacy. No incen
tive to human action was ever, stronger, than
that which actuates these men to tne course
they are determined to pursue. The act con
. Umplated is one of those feats of despera
tion that seemingly opeas the only avenue of
escape, and the.se desperadoes, if allowed to
Der ect their dans, will act their part with
boldness and determination. We trust the
authorities will see to it that the leyal men in
the Western counties have the privilege
exercising the right of suffrage, these brigands
to the contrary notwithstanding. Ceniervo-
tive. , .
.
To the Voters of Catawba County.
FELLOW CITIZENS AND BROTHER
SOLDIERS By the request of man friend?,
I announce myself a candidate for Sheriff of
Catawba county. It is vWll known that I have
been a eoldier for nearly two yiars; and ehuld I
be elected, and escape the dangers of this Ham
mer campaign, 1 will endemror to nerve you to
the best f my ability. I .a n truly in hope to
hear of a large majority in fsvor of yonr obedient
servant, on the tirt Thursday in August next. I
am vour sou and brother,
CALVIN HUNSCCEER.
A private in Co. D, M!!eU's Battalion, lately
asidgmed to Co. I, 49th N. C. Regiment,
jane 15-25-wCt
COMMITTED
TOTnE JAIL OE WAKE COUNTY, AA
runaway, on thv' 5th of .May, a negro wo
man, who saysner name is SALLY BRYANT,
and that sho wm raised in Jones county, bv Jo. .
Finch. She had on when committed a red cot
ton dress. She is about 25 vears old. 5 feet 2 inch-
! es high, flendcr, colnr black, two upper front
teeth out, and rather elow tipoken. The owner
ef said negro i requested to come forward, provo
property, pay charged and take her away, or she
will be dealt with as the law direct.
W. H. HIGH, Sheriff.
92-dltJkwtf
Notice. Takfn tip and rommltteil to
the Jail of Ca;awb, a dark NEGRO man
abo'jt fifty years of age. Said negro ear his name .
is PLEASANT, and that he i? the propertv of
Hugh Carl vie and Geo. Henderson of Gofia.
A. J.'HELTE.V. Jailer.
Newton N. C. April 13th 18C4. ap. 20 12-wGni
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA,
i
,riTT COCSTT.
Court of Pleas and Quarter Sessions May
Term, 184.
Henry Sheppard. Adm'r of)
Jos. A. Williams, dee'd
vs.
Ditributers of
, .Petition to divide
1 Slaves.
i. r
Jo. A. Williams, deceased.
IT APPEARING TO THE SATISFACTION
of the Court, that R. R. Foreman and wife,
defendants in this case, are non-resident" of this
. a
State: Jt is ordered dv court, mat nubhea-
DOtifTiDcr the said defendants of the filing of this
petition, to apnar and answer, Ac., at the next
Term of this Court, or judgment pro confeo will
GEO. A. DANCEY, C. C. C.
june 8-19 w6t
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA.
Aphe County.
Superior Court of Law, Spring Term 1804.
John C. Plummer 1
r. Original Attachment.
Ralph Bavins.
It appearing to the satisfaction ofthe Coort that
the defendant Ralph Blevins is not within tho
I iurisdiction of this Court : It i ordered thftt pub-
I KhATi hn mafio in tna wAAlrlv l iiittrilrmtm fi civ
wpek coninianding the said defendant to be and
j appear t the next term of the Supei ier Court of
w loDe Dc.,a r,0J; ,ne couniy oi amp, ai tuo
Court House in Jefferson, on the 4th Mondav aft r
tUe 4th Mondavin Aueust next, then and there
to plead and roplevy in the eaid cause, otherwi-
Rt office the 4th Mondav after tho 4th MmuUv in
Februarv, 1864. E. C. BARTLETE, C. S. C.
I June x3 wot
GOOD SEWS! GOOD SEWS!!
NEW BOOKS! ,
.OUH OWN PUBLICATIONS.
Johnson's Common School Arithmetic,
The Dixie Elementary Spelling Book,
$3 50
S 00
1 00
;
The Jack Morgan Songs or. ( f 50 per 100)
Lioto anu ljioei iv rong 5iu, per iuu
lne above books arc just trom the press.
Primary Geography,
2 00
2 00
2 00
1 &r
25
50
m "
i
2 00
l ork s English Grammar,
First Book in Composition, by L Branson,
Hill's Poems, by Theo II Hill,
Morven and Linda, bv Bev A W Mangnm,
Dixie Primer, Pictorial, third edition,
First Dixi Reader, by M R Moore,
Mvrtle Leaves, bv Rev A W Mangum,
3r'iiie above books are sold at one-third oil
to the trade.
OTHER BOOKS ON HAND.
MISCELLANEOUS HOOKS.
Hunten's Piano Forte Instructor,
3 CO
2 0)
4 00
25
75
75
3 00
5 50
3 ot
1 o0
1 00
3 ol
3 oO
3 00
2 60
GO
75.
1 25
1 60
1 00
3 50
2 CO
12 00
2 60
2 60
1 50
1 75
125 00
5 00
7 0i
6 50
1 50
i?n(lur 8 , r ''me,Vc'
I aj 1 1 J : ' ia r las a utiti vn a laj rn ft
Weslevan Catechism No. 1.
I Wesbvan Catechiftn, No. 1,
Lansdeh Catechism.
I ri J W.IJ 1 r T t r
Life o! Stonewall laekson.
The War audits Heroes, Illustrated,
DOU.acni eiuuu. jner nrurr.
i o a i i J f r a , itt a
I Ulvni amiiiihiciiuii raie ii u I 4'llOni.
. . ,v. - VT V. t m i
RoDiautic i89,Rpe& in S. W. History,
i njarV Of the War
The Seige of Vicksburg,
The Sunday School Bell,
The Sabbath School Wreath,
riowlng and Uitching,
f.un ?.or inl ''amP'
The uamp Jester,
Neeley's Discourses,
Dr. Deems' Sermons,
Moral and Religious Anecdptes, 8 vols ,
The Age A New Monthly, .
Southern Literarv Messenger.
I . . "
l Stonewall Jackson's Portrait,
Dr. Deems Portrait,
"rote's History of Greece, in 12 vols,
Bancroft a History United States, 7 vols.,
Abbot.s nitrate;! Histories, each
Second Year of the War,
Mountain Violet, bv Rev T M Baker.
A Few Chestnuts for the Children, by Uncle
Charles,
1 50
75
1 25
2;oo
75
75
1 00
1 00
60
A Snnrbv KnliAn! in Vtrrw rtinrifi h H.v
B Manlv.
Words of Comfort, by H F Ruckner,
Robert Cushman or the Rival Students,
ivTCi;' M irm..
aoidier Boy Songster,
stonewall Songeter,
Cotton Field Melodies.
j MIIITARY BOOKS
- KT . . . -
1uZ1'a Rfcii.i. nr;n.
1 25
1 25
1 25
6 00
6 60
1 50
Volunteer's Field and Camp Book,
General Orders,
- Warren s Surgery,
School of the Guides,
NOVELS.
1 a4iio hv U t Poons
5 00
Matcr William Mitten, by Judge Longstreet, 5 0O
Duncan Adair, or Captured in Escaping, 1 o
Ladv Audio's Secret, bv M E Braddon, 5 00
Robert .rod Harcld, by R F tiouldiag, 3 50
Kleaaor's Victorv, o
Les Miserable Fantiae, 3 00
" " St. Dennis, 3 00
" " Jean Valiean. 3 00
Raies and Romance of Morgan aad Men, 6 50
Field and Fireside Novelette, i otl
Silas Marner. by Miss Evans, . i 00
The Battle of the Bardi 3 00
JEST" Those ordering books to be sent per
mail must remit 10 cents extra oa the dollar
to pay postage.
BARNSON k FARRAR.
Raleigh, N. C.
July 1-13
WAKE COUNTY.
TITE SHERIFFALTY. We are authorized ani
requested to announce W. II. HIGH, Esq., es
a candidate for re-election to the office of Sheriff,
at the election in August. ju 17-tde-dAw
FOR SHERIFF.
WE ARE AUTHORISED TO ANNOUNCES
THOMAS J WUITAKKR. a candidate for
reelection to the office of SheruT for the oounty
or Jones. July 6 23-wtf
TO THE CITIZENS, SOLD lEIlS AND RF
FUOEES OF FASQUOTJLNK COUNTr.
WE are authorized to announce GEO. W.
HINTON, a candidate to represent rat
quotank county in the next House of Ceamoai.
ma 10-89-dtwAwte
of