THE CONFEDERATE.
WED.X LSI) AY, A l oll ST 21. 1S61.
The
1 st'vcr.k! i:i-s he b-en fruitful of
r.m- r- iu and abur. ltrr.-oi:rg. We lean:
Jr ,:n h? ? .' V of thai city, t: at foma
!:(!:: i t ) a report that commissioner
;.:n Dliio, IaJuna, Illinois and Missouri, ar
n tin ir way to Ilichtif r.d with the .Jtp'-ee
: ' htain ;u. h a-s'.:r.n.ces t'.ucl ir the navi
.'it: -p. ' ( t Mi.--i.-.-:pr. ! r s tv- .tiM enable
ti -ni f- .-'. ;.k I r t,.:rd in t!." S.i I neorn
i ' -V :..t: i.i sti- h terms ai
v it fii'- Wr- 'titi in::.'l upon lb a'l-
. -runt
a. : . -as" r i n- r v uc'i it. at r''D vt
I- r t - ? . I 1
itt' r i i -s !i t V' uc'i th.it
iv ( t
.s .ir
!he C"lif il-r-it-
.ii.:-
tl. run. -r t c irrv a c-: tain
: . 1 i r.-hnbiliy . ;.p thir-jr Is very
,?. v.tr.ir. ;'-. ve:!;s p---f, it ;!.eevi-l-
r . r our f urc-'-i!ii "t:Ju.t ot tl.i-'
; jn. tr. i h -. :u 'r the rxhau.-ti.-n of
v-:i..rv, a Lii.- h ?ti-'. i. jfr pfar icSu-
;; M-.MU.-p: !io t h f; a ! ;t: V pr-tviuMS e-
0
W;i-
Ti.i
illli.!' !JCC
la
at
t
t)
ti
or ii .c iue
.1
- u
: v v.).r j
In tic 'if:.i::i-.tra-
th" wiiLf.raival
a" 11 t .:
- . .i ) m i . i! 1
Ci.T i '-t
iri the i
t.) run - r C-rii-
u J l-
virr.- the roi ina'.ijn c f
t -jt untii thi- i.'t ex-'
: a
! ::; . hii-t bt;;iil he '.ren a hir.t
ir. ;::. s J or p';ij-'.s 'f Ids wr. vsX
'V vi . i
vet
I u' lie. hi the p;;rty. ti.f i'-.-r tlict
r tor- i't!-r, at.d c1. -h d..y iutenlfj'-s its
-".-Ti'i'v. TL- n i.;;i;tin I Fre;.!.t cut
'.; ' -mi I.'r. In a p"v rful ra-lival t lament,
v; :.-Ii has t' d m-r It r th-; n any
o'.h"; s:nL'p iniiti ne.-, ami i.s sr.iljcicnl: of it
e'i ij l-.-ft in r-'Ut liialc:!, i' defeat lis clec
: T t:.i- oppoiti r. i- r-ow tu e addf-d
! ", ti-irft-r, ;'.!.', --'Ii ii. torc fl;.eu-
'I ! t- nruii i'esto (f
l.
and
W t.u-r D-ivis,
,!-.. 'll :!:',
1- ti..- 1 :
Sen ' : :.t.t
(i..' ;
i -
jntci.tcd p utv.H'.s. but
. atin ati!. u;.cfd hv j-i-Iitifl
tu ali lo hi.- i crr.!!.4tliui, or ac
i,'Uiy f r tie j.-.ti they rtpie-
S-.i'-f t:t'y t- 1 i j-a j r doelaiati'i'i ff
v n', W ,- J i is ius ;,r." a step t'uilher.
a: ! . ai! ii lor ai.' ' It r X.itifi.ai .'.-jivn-
t;
u ;i i t in S-piMiuM-r.
Ye
ar.-
ti er li'-ci rsiant .'trii.p: iu the war
ti.f M.C.ela.!i tactii-!) iu-t strong
!' ..liin . to i;etat Lirc.;: f r the
e t nit i-
I v.:
t 01.4 (. la.'ili to
up a
11 the
. v I c; p s'.ticn tu his eh t
i ;i iVi is p .sty is lin hired
lit ! ! t
1 1 1
Lwi.'n-d thi ii.nii.i1 n.r is'ir n etiti'
N Yi i: k l it v, by whith MeClellan was
i i:sia.-ii-ai:v 1 ut I- ih. The N-w Y ik;
bts tlu- i:,U!t-rt ot
: n't1
f x h;it
a .ti.ir ' ;
i i" a -'
Vl'-- th-
a f.-i'. j
Ti l
!.a ! f-; 1 .'" 'c I 1 u ti e ally t
tl.-J
:n!i"!t it. ' h-' pri t e:iti -n oftliowar.
.us-'ur.: st.t'-:h:t the Herald n'-w
'!.v : '. th ir thef'ino has arrive! for
i:.M. !i..';.a.r iisjous efiort at peace.
v!!si- n of the N -nh i-; .".t'-n-'itt d, i
r.ii.j -.d ire.i. as.d the eon.in evil
-at'--i in '.r:"-a; wh l'y uniili a-y
in i;. t pie.-s .-i 1. ft the war ber--ii.
r,.i' .l-ii.-iiN. i r.tof- re niai.ipu-
. . i.
i'r' -
'
W: ;
bit.-
ai' t!
1 ' 1
tilled
i.y I'iiCi'in, Sfwwd &
1 -
, i-
: 1 -r anil seirn 7:- tu :.
tc :.ro ajriT-a?iii:: ii t ) a
.il'jr.t i ? i:un hath.' de-
1 .1 .-
a.vrr
)
1
t 1.
t i.ori!
bravi
.
a ii
: -m t hi.- 1
t h. ur ii 11 ti.
. a S:'e, :-,nd is ua n.' v-ed,
1 .-oil h1 r.si-'ano? to a jndi-l-
Vi'rh'.as, and tr.f ohcr
'ICjOc
.t :i.-.-cr' 1 s 1! the liht, hav- 'akou
! .!! -r :if d i' r pou-e, even with tfeparnthm,
an:;: fi . ai.d p4,ar-, anl the 1 1.0 east g
.-trr.f. r'h !' thi.-- sft.tin-.eiit h manifest day ly
1i.1v in ti t iii i-i. ii f 5 e.v n.en, the t"re of
1
1"'
ti
-s. lio enthusiasm of ouh.
ii'.e.'tirigs.
he-t a e n ti
idi-LS ir;
ite a coriia- unioi
u e ihnioerats and th
s ar
Chi-
an
t! at the neminr e of t?-
I'.i'JO t"
::i- m
i. V'l
n-h.
,r.o.-. t - a.- tmhk' on the H'J:h f
v. i.l be pet forward square on the
pi at'. r:r. ! pe c.
It is m .-t i'.klv tlixt tlie sn lde?i clTig of
the New York : a' is a hid lor the r.omina
t:,o:i . McC'.-'.l-in : (it there S'.vmeil n iispj-
fir
upon such a
rari'.rj.
The
e V .d -"Tit
r -.-rcd
,i.
4t. of t'.'i" p1 ice pirty is to rep-
V a-j 'i;:-a' .i-o-it
e ice nan.
with
vh in tie p -.-peot o'. pernuni-'Ut sopaiMt:o n
not a chimera. uiu with wiiont the pri'p -n
of. an armi.-tice and in-g aiaii.'ii, otiv ide
ti e rec t struct i-n of the Uni in, is hot a im re
i if a No d i.bt. it' the North-west seeks any
i, t. rn at on i. the question of the r.avigati ui
ot the Mis.-n-.-ippi. she will learn what, was
ditu-, t'.y devUrtd at tha opening of the war,
t at thtre x.sts t.o intention to close or re
s'.ii. t ti e tiavigatn.-n i f this great river that
N- rti.ert; r'.c: k. rs will not only be allowed
n. p--, i- wu it- waters without let ur hin
drance. pai.p i ts. tells cr clearances, so far
as sr.-j'n doourtier.ts may le for obstruction
but tint they wi 1 b- invited, we'e oed to
a free ami unr'tiictt d navigation. Oa this
pe-snt the may touvcy messages to sa isfy the
ino-l douuting. The juried is nearly arrived
f r the -ouviou of this questi .n. On tlse 20:h
the Natioual Ccnventiuu will mt et at Chicago.
The usual amount of intrigue, wire-wot king
will be resorted to by the advocates of particu
lar men. But if there be aught in signs, we
shall see the strongest man who favors peace
placed at the head of the ticket, with tfce
peace banner in his band ; and we fhU see
an upheaving of the popular will iu this di
rection that will esteund the cccupmts cf the
public efLxts in Washington. We see like
w se the effect of this rnanifestatiou upon the
army and the soldiers ed the Noith. Men
" .......
wilt rr.r sisiure to die. in the hut horrors, of
x - - - - - ,
ti e war, for aca i.-e declared agaiLst by thtir
c;wn po p!e.
: To add to this Northern effort for extrica
; tion Fran the war, there exists our unadmi
! ty, dow more pet feet than since its comraerfce- m
! meut. Soldiers and citizens are more res .Wed,
! mre dcturmined, more in accord ; whil our
: c m mis-doner?, President D'.vis, Lee, Hood,
Fir!y, Kirby Smith and all their true and
I trifd subordinates, art; reinforcing with tha
most.po-.v rful argument" the N-jrthira dis
position towards p''ace.
Inlfmting Partienlars.
' Tiie iiiohniond Dhp-Och contains ii teresting"
! particu'ars of the . fights below Rtchrcoud,"
! which aiDO- g ether facts, show the important
. aid g iart psrts enacted by Nrth Carolina
troopf?." We copy the followiug :
1 W'c alh.d?d yettf-rday to the fact that Signal
j Hid was in the po-f.-e-icn of the er.en.y, ana
; .tate-l that it tht-n lacked confirmation . but it
! anerwar-is turned out to he true. It appears
, 1 ii -it the hili wy occupied without t pp-osition
! n;i WVdf-escy tr.oridn. and that the eneny
! itcu.-etliatf ly st hliout forufic2 thej- t-ition on
j the ut towards Ilichmond. Our commander,
; iirwevrr, de;eriniii'd tiiat the Y'anktes should
! t. t hold quit t s-r.-s on of a pition they
I had la ken so easilv, and arrangements were
1 ...
, made to drive them off. Acconiuiiily on
Wednesday evening, our ironrlads. under thf
c mrjand of Gu-Liiinander Mitchell, fcte.nuc
d wn t)e James uriMt they not within rani-e
! of the hill, wh o lhevt opt-nei a furious can-
nona !e, serdir-g shells with accuracy i:.to the
v-rv inid&t t the ei.rmy's forces. The firi-2
wa- heavy and rapid, the report of tho jjons
; heiiig dis-iiuctly heard in li-rhmotd. - After
1 iciiiC .diiw i' resi.taiice, the Yankees abar;
I dwoed their p.tin and fled, leaving the bill
in pofrt.-sioti of fmr troops, and or siHal
j station 1: :s .sitiee ben re-established. Signal
i Hili is on the plrniaticn of Mr. Henry Cox.
jasouttwo miles and a half below Criaffin's
; H'uff. Our httle tlret of ironch ds performed
j thrir wt.rk efi'ectually, and thurgallantt-ffkers
! and crews aieenthhd to much credit tor thu
I accuracy of their fires
Tfee resort that Brigadier General ChamMiss
j ws kilitd iu the fight of TuefeIay is confirm
ed. His dead hody was sent into om hues by
the enemy on Wednesday ur.Jcr flag ef truce.
Ca.f. V. Roy Mason, r.-., of tien. Fields' s st?.lf,
I is bai-ily wounitd and a prisoner.. He has
j teen sent to Fentress Monroe. Col. Oates, of
I (ivoig a. (Fields' s divi-ion, ) and Lieut. Cd.
i Canmc'aarl of the Twenty-eighth Gt-argia iegi
' ruent, were th-o adiy wr uudd in Tuesday's
! nuttl-. Lieut. Lew i, of ti e lSi'n Xorth Caro
! lina regiment, L-tue'tf brigade, was kilbd.
I 'flic cntiuy has por.-essiu of Newmarket. r
Jennings' Hill, at the interfCtmc of the New-
1 . II. 1- : . .1 --..I ......AC n
market ULU L,e.2 U'lgv rtuu, uu'J uulujmc.? a.
lir.e ot eutreneliUk nn- extending fi'm Lidd'.e's
shop to W illis's ei.urch, nearly puralled to the
yua'ker road. IFis right has heen .Irive across
White 0..k swamp, which is a tritutary of the
( hickahr iniLy. Tte Yankees have advanced
up as tar the Drill roe-iu, or Jthn GatLiigbi'
place at Newma'kct. On Tuesday they burnt
C.n.el;i.c Ciew'c hi use, on M dvcrn Hill.
!..'ati. n of t're tighten Tuse'ay was
near Lrll's mil', between the Darbjtown
and Charles City reads. Ti e eunny in a
lurious charge. s.ecf ete-el in bilking thr ugh
Wiight'.s biiade, Lut was speedily dri'en
back. vith ten b e sU'ihter, V.y Lar e's-'X. C.
briuade and s me' o' AntieiS'-n's an.i Betunng'd
(it or-ans ' Tint p' l ti of the enemy who
hud the work.- to t ur leit wt-re ohar-fd by
one hundred v nd iiityotoeii men, driVi l ;H-k7
and .bus our oii-i!ii'i lints wet e le-est'bliNiied.
l this ( ha'ge v. e captured six huotloSil pris
oners, a s'and ' eulots and several h 11 nil red
fire nuns. Pri.-oners re. port that the Y'aukee
(ieueral l lie.o, danein nv.stri and (onunait
tier nf negro tro-ps, was kh.etJ.
The enemy's i vce on this side of the river
1 is said to bti e.-n-ro e.ioJ t-l! T-Mith ana hicond
j e:or, with a laigc nody of cavalry,
i C)tlictr.- who v. eie etjjaged in the fig'u 11
j Tuts-uay repiesent that the siaugkter ot Yan
i kc txcee'ieii thated the 30th of July iu liont
i t iVttrslurg. Indteil, tht-y rt-ccivtd sia !i a
i severe puiiishii.ei-t that they have bfen con
! lei ted t remain cc-Uiparaiiv.lv epner uer
: si uve.
t
I 1 I UTIII K ANI 1NTKUK.-TINO PARTICULAR?.
j 'J'he Knqtiocr i indehted to a genth a.an
in A headquarters for the following further
pamcu'urs tf the everts ef Tuesday 'and
V dnesday :
A:ter his repulse on the morning of Tm s
el ay, the enemy ma.-ed his trewps (until and
2d ciop-) m fiotit (f or.r i.ncs, about half a
nr.'e la ith tt Ffzz'e's mil!., charged 1'urn usiy
and qunk y . ueceeeie d, t-b'.-tit 12, m., in b:e-k-!
ing thiough Wright's brig; de, ot Ma hour's
j divi.-ion. L.u e's N rth Carolina brigade,
j w; ich was on the Mt of W right's, irmned'
; airlv nioveu bv tt. ii;:l t flai k until it reach
I el t tit Daihvtown read, filttl liywn thisa short
; c-u.-tance, and then, m t tie presence ol Major
Field, wheeled uTtj iinc at a di-uble-quiek,
, chargt-d the enemy, who had poured i! lough
! the gap in great iii'ini eis, and do.ve llieni
over COO yards, to the cov.-r i f tt e captured
i breastworks. Here, at o0 varcs dis anev,
both side" kept up a t ml le tusilade tor
; st me li:tmn niinutes. when rai.-ing a wild.
! yed. the briiradi rushed upon the lueast
i vaks. In three minutec the w-r-ks alot'g tlvc
' enibe r'gi'ie front weie recaptured. Scr- s
j ot Ysa.ktes, w hif and black la ti. ad in. the
J l ret. cots, and jumping over tin. works, ti.e "tar
i bee's " pwuied v liey aiter vurihi" into thetlr
i ii g masses e;f the enemy. A con.-iderab'e
f yimbtT ol the enemy, however, still held the
I w oiks on our left ti)eir line being so much
; h ng. r tiiau ours" aad tur? ed their tire upi a
; our tiank. But in ten minutes, one hundred
and tilty men were thrown forward through a
; ravin, in front tdthe breastwork, and sudden
! ly attacking the enemy in flank ami re;;r,
caused ail the remainder of his line to break,
leading the entire line in oar possession. Iu
I this charge we captured some six hundred
; prisoners and a stand f colors, a num'oer of
1 fine aims, plenty of rich booty, and, better
thi an all, re-estabiished the broken lines,
i It is pri.per tu sy tbat ia the charge Lane's
liga-Je was joined ky some of Arderon's and
Lenning s Oeorgians, who did gahatit strvice.
The enemy he not since repeated thtir at
tetrapt but keep up a continuous skirmish fire.
OinerwUe all is quiet near the scene f Toes
day's battle.
Our loss was comparatively tuiall. When
! th works were recaptured, however, the dead
! body of Gen Girardy, who commanded
i Wright's brigade, was found ia the trenches a
j minsi bail Laving passed through bis bead.
Oo our extreme lett, which was occupied by
J Gary 's and Chaiubiiss's cavalry, supported by
! Gregg's Ttxa infantry brigade, we drove the
j euemy, ibjut dark Wednesday evening, through
; White Oak Swamp, iu which they abandoned a
j large uuniber ot their horsee aud scattered in
all unectiocs in tfce bog. In this handsome
jlittb aOair we captured fitly prisoners,
i Among the Yaukee killed was Gen. Ferrero.
' dancing master and commander of the negro
j .
: ""S""-
It is curtain that Gea. Jno. R. Chimbliss was
j killed on Tuesday, aud his body is in the hands
of the enemv.
, :.utr from the Sreta of fteTreuirT-1'
. Executive Department,?
Columbia, August 15, 1864.
of Sulh Carolina :
To the Citizen M Trei,0lai tc
Having txpres f0nwiti7r.K at 1.;
gratification felt by f SeCretarv of tbu
acceptance of the cftci c -,T thg -foiowjBS
Treasury, 1 receive u - b,ics.
letter. AitncuRn ,f bvhii
ti-jn. seen i? its p"blic interest, th.
permisiuc, I lay u before yu. .
While the schedule , ol pnee. aoo fld
the Commissioneie 01 ini ome u. -r
. . r t - .X . ..r- i,ul aU I
itu ra . thn former scneauie. '
the Virginia t ommisWonrs, u 1 o
that satisfactory veasous may be f.nd lr a
retlucitinn. ,
I can add nothing to the views expressed
by the Honorable Secretary, and will only re-nr-ark
that, enncurriog tully in the importance
. ; H i- n j- 1
j to the country, of rdueing as low as practica-
hie all prices, 1 commsnu ine inci
careful and iaTorablc CornJferation of every
citizen.
M. L. BONHAM.
TttivAsuRV Department, C S A.,
Richm -kd Aug. 5, 1804. J
To His Excellency Gov. Bonham :
Dear - ir : Your very kind and encouraging
Irtter ui the Jdih ultimo was rereived yester
day. It it shall prove to bo my happy -fortune,
through the Divine biesing, to contribute iu
auy ougree to the welfare of my country, I
shail he more than cevmpensated for all the
labors and anxieties to which I have been ap
p icted. Expre.-sior s of confidence and goenl
will ob the p-iit of my fellow-citizens, such
as rou have b-eu uood enough to convey to
i me, are most prate'ul and eacouragiug- I
regard the Treasury of the Confederate tates
as moKt' peculiarly tho Treasury of the perple,
and thera is nothing in the power of man that
wsld"so soon rt store it to a condition of ease
and pro-perity jls the universal and generous
j support of ur pee pie. ihere is nothing in it
I present circurn-ta: c s to inspire alarm, but om
I the comrary every motive for confidence An
! all pervading a: us of embarrassment and
distress hss been the character of our legisla-
in n. However patriotically mtenuea, it is not,
to be denied that the measures adopted by
Congress for the reform of the currency, bael
the unhappy effect of inspiring the public
mind with feeiincs of fear and elistrust as to
ttie "eurse that would ultimately be pursued
in relation to that part of the public debt that
is represented by the Treasury Notes. Ap
prehensiobs of ultimate repudiation crept like
au all pervadii'g po.son into the minds of the
poplej-an: gieatly circumscribed and elimiu-
i
Thf-.re were manv ?latin2uished and natri-
- C7 - (
j otic men in Cut frtcs who earnestly believed
that the great, ft not the sole, evil ot the cur
rency w.iSto be founel in it? reuundancy alone.
And reasoning from this premise, they inferred
that a corresponding reduction of this large
volume of the purchasing medium, would
produce an immediate reduction in the
price of ail salable commodities. Oth
tis entertained a different opinion, and, be
lieving that the purchasing power and
value of these notes had a critical and sensi
tive dependence upon the confidence and good
will of those who were called upon to ex
change their. substai.cn for them, insisted that
a reduction of the quantity, by any measure
that disturbed the confidence of the people in
the good faith of the government, would lead
to univereal dig' rust and still greater depre
ci'.'ion. The majority was, unhappily found to be
of the fbst opinion, and it n.Ust new be Uni
versally aiinitted, I think, that the policy
that prevailed was erroneous, and the conse
quences precisely such as had bee:i predicted
by those who opposed it. Tne immense re
duciion effect id hy the tax of 33 per cent
It-ried -upon the currency, and by the process
of corapubory funding, produced very li tie
iffect upon the price s of commodities. Every
body iegarded with . distrust, a new isue of
notes ot the same character as the last and
resting f--r their aipport as a circulating sie
dium upon the same pledges which had end
ed iu di-sappi-hitmen' before.
"hit this is the true difficulty we have to
enc. uuter, I think every candid person must
now allow, and I cannot refrain from indal-
giug the hope that a new ana snunaer policy
- . i i -
will govern oeir iuiuic ibjumuiiuu, lue ua
! triotism of Congress is not tf be called in ques
j tion. nor are ue at liberty to doubt their wil-
lirgness to renounce any policy that may
be proven by experience to be errwnoous and
mischievous. Our people, at the same time,
should not be silent ; and ia this r sprct the
patriotic citizens of the great and suffering j
1 Commonwealth of Virginia have set a noble
example.
On my arrival in Richmond' I found that
the Con-.misioriei8 f prices had fixed the
schedule rates for whet and corn at $30
and $24 pr. bushel respectively, for the
n; nthsol August and Septrmb'T. The feel
ing of disappointment and alarm with which
I was inspired by this circumstance, you can
eni-ily imauine. This painful feeling" was,
Jmwever, soon changed tor me of renewed
confidence and bopu by the farmers of Vir
ginia. Public meetings were held in the
agricultural counties anel resolutions adopted
bo'dlr avowing the impossibility of maintain"
ing the public faith if the Government were
forced by the people to j ay such prices fur
supplies, and patriotically insisting upon a re
duction of the standard rates, and fbeireslab-li-hrnent
upon a basis sufficiently low to in
sp;r confidence; iu the curr-ncy. The result
wj that the Commissioners reas tabled and
reduced ehe schtdule prices to f(,r wheat
for the month of August nntl S5 f r. Sptera
trr. A wiser and more patriotic ourstr was
never pursu d by any peop e, and I would
re pec full j appeal to you, as tne Chief Mag
istrate of our gallant and patriotic State, to
suggest and encourage ftmiiaT meetings and
resolutions on the part of our peeiple. I nave
an abiding confidence that a general and well
established belief in the intention of Congress.
under no circumstances of temptation or trial.
to shrink from the observance of' the most
1 1 ia -,vs'u isiiii tu m j -j ,in..o vt iuw
Government will enable as to vercorne all
our financial difficulties. That such is their
real "mention I cannot doubt; but this detcr
, ruination sht-u'd be euceuraged and supported
! by the public declarations f our people, ex
. preasivc of their own resolute will to foster
: the credit of the Government by the estab
I lisbment of low pjices, and by the patriotic
j support of its Treasury. " 'VThatevtr diflerences
I of opinion may have existed in the past, or
whatever errors nsay be snppesed to have been
committed, may now be buried in a common
grave. We are making a new start in oar
finances, aud under circur stances by bo
means unfavorable or discouraging.
j Th expenditures of the Government are of
; two classes those incurred abroad and those
incurrad at home. In respect to the first.
there has hitherto been but little embarrass
ment, nar is there any reason to expect great
er difficulty in the future. Our foreign sup
i 1 1 1111 r
plies will probably b procured without mak-
r" t- ZT -Tl
coiton to30d pay m, i .. J v.4.
Ttr-.w . tr
, -p'tviiroa ucr currency enauiies
US l ti .. : i 1 . ... i
ao.lly than 1, it is plainly wen that it can
fceradeno dfficiv-t task to drr from onr
enemie and from the complacent spectators
of this atrocious war, the moans of supplying'
all onr foreign wants. This wmild ltave us
then only onr domestic debt toder.l with ; and
wr.eu it is considereJ that all that is asked of
our peCpe iu(1 all tbat the Government is
La, apon to pay for ifl th.ir surplus
nations and their services in tranK.,, rt,
r.- - . - -- ..---rr-
tion ard mechanical and othe- labors, who
cau doul t the ability of tho people to bear
this burthen i If they gave all that is asked
without compensation1,, they would ask at last
ro more than their surplus ud woald be no
prorer for the gilt How, then, can thir con
dition be made worse by receiving the money
and the 'bopd of the government iu place of
receiving ri'rthi ?
I hope, my deal ir, tbat ybu will f.gree
with me ia the opinions arid senliinets I have
cx pressed, and may join with me in the effort
to give ft new and generous impulse to the
puhiic sentiment upen this great topic of our
national affairs.
I do not think tbat planters and farmers
shc-jld alone be sailed upon to decl-re in favor
f lower prices. Manufacturers, railroad
companies a d every great interest of the
country f-hould contribute to this reform. Let
us content our.elves with rmderate prices and
keep down the puhlic debt ; aLd. not, by ex
torting the highest prices, swell the public
burthen and disiuib our own cenfidence in
the virtue and resources of the GovernPient.
I remain, der sir,
Yours, with great respect,
G A. TREK HOLM.
" No Glory."
Glory is a relative term, accordit g to the
character of those who claim to possessit. Some
glory in the property e?f on honest, upright
integrity, however it may be deficient of
worldly renown or. profit. Some in an unos
tentatious charity that, out of sight of public
notice er admiration, does its good offices.
Some glory in deeds of high daring however
unpn ductive of practical good -and some iu
shrewd management that reaps a tangible
reward without the trouble or iLconvenience
ff labor or exposure.
It was glory enough for Remmes, when he
had ruu the c. mmercial nW of Yanktedom
off th" seas and made her whole marine to
we.r the Union jack nd ceU.rs of St. George,
then with his worn-out and unw-a worthy craft,
ekfit-ient in strength, completeness, armor
and equipmeut, te run out and defy and
fiht a well prepared and selected superior,
and to send his immtrtal child fifty fathoms
'deeig down into the caves of old ocean. This
was a glorious finale to adventure, enterprise,
skill, usefulness, conrt'ge- and heroism. Un
profitable as a sum in addition to our navy,
and something more than unprofitable as one
of substraction from it ; nevertheless it was a
plucky display of naval hardiheod, and glori
ous for bisloiic recital.
So, -though one cannot se any- profit of
dollars and cents, or timbers or machinery,
on out part, in Admiral Buchanan's steam
ing the Tennessee up to a whole fleet of mix
ed iron clads and heavy war ships, manned
by thousands of seamen and equipped with
shooter ol 400 pounders of bolts, and getting
captured, after being splintered anel disabled,
nevertheless, there is, unquestionably, a glory
in the proceeding. The world will look with
wonder on this r?sh act of courage, bow to its
defiant and unblenching chivalric daring,
and wherever high estimate is had of noble
virtue, and honor is paid to . lofty self-sacrifice,
record will be made in gtfldea letters of
this distinguished combat. But then, there
is a place where 'glory of another sort will be
enjoyed out of the same where a narion,
with no great elevation ot tone, with r.ot a
very broad view of chivalry a practical tra
ding nation will settle ilown to font- up this
account of glory in columns of profit and loss,
thus : Tecun.s h blown up, and gunboat sunk.
So much. Teuiiessee, a 3 earner more pjw
er'ul than the Mrrimac, captured, Buchanan
crip'p'e l and a prisoner the Selnia, cotton
clad, captured, with all aboard. The Gaines
beached, and the Morgan put to flight the
passage by the forts secured, open, and tho
Bay of Mobile in sight.'
These aie the two gltwies of the late fight
near the harbor of Mobile. So much., Ours
is the sentimental, theirs the profitable glory.
We prefer the golden mean L'hontur tt Var
gent. We wouldn't have all. nnid, fr that
would be, to be as -dirty as the Yankee. Ncr
would we have all glory. We would so far
admix the two as to have enough of mud to
cemeot an arch to glory. In other words,
risk less and Jiake more.
1 The Late Elections.
The' twenty days required by law, having
expired since the soldiers voted, before the.
Sheriffs make returns from tbair respective
j countjes, we presume the -official vote for
... ,
tGojct will som be received at the mce of
Secretary of State. Tne returns published in
the papers are imperfect from many counties,
! 0, a tV.prri. snml tpa mnntiM fmm w';k
no account of the vote has been published.
The Conservative, in casting up the figures
that have been received, says the vote, stands
as follows :
.Vance 50 644, Holden 12,174.
12,174,
Vance's majority, 38,470.
The ten couuties to hear from and the army
vote not yet reported, wjll increase the above
majority to about 45,000. A cumber of re
turns from the army will no doubt be thrown
out for informality, as those who made the
j returns had no means of ascertaining the re-
I nnirrnnis (if thr law ftnv V-n.'.-
j rit j, therefore, may be stated, in round
nyrabeyg at 50 000.
I -r.,-.L . .",1- f..i.
' - F
the neighborhood 01 75,000.
The Fayetteville06jffrrer foots up Vance's
j majority to le 39,043, as far as heard from.
Additional From Ifie 5erth.
TBE AMMUNITION EXPLOSION AT CITY POINT
TCBlflBLE ErrtCTS
Fifty-eight Yankees were killed and one
hundred and- twenty-six wounded by the am
munition explVsion at City Point on the 0:h
instant. A correspondent of the New York
Trihunt, who witnessed -it, says:
Every frame-house in the town was jarrf d
by the concussion alone to the extent of hav
ing its inside plastering knocked off beside
othet damages by issbes, &o. Against the
houses antl other obstructions near thewhirf.
and even upon the hill, hundreds, and per
haps thousands, of broken, twisted aud splin
tcrtd muskets, and such debris, lay in drifts,
like straw drifted by the wind ; and ail over
the ground for at least a quarter of a mile
from the scene of the explosion, shell, solid
siiot, grape, ftunister, musket and M.nieballs,
pieces of shells, nails, fcerews", bolts and boll
heads, and fragments f almost everything
wooden, iron ami ieaden you can think of,
are strewn atd drifted like hail and chunks of
ice immediately after a dreadful hail storm.
Eveiy where are seen the rents, dents, deep
abrasions and scarred furrows of the iron und
leaden Storm. Tiie thousandth part cannot
be told.
My firt thought was that an ammunition
car had exploded jut ahead of the one I was
on, and that it would be of little use t'j try
to escape the storm that had gone up ami
would come down--that one was about as
safe in one place as another; and oh ! w it
did rain and hail all the terrible instruments
of war. "
It was not a railroad car, but the am moni
tion barge J. E. Ktndrick, that had exploded
fn in the careless handling of percussion ?ht lis
err some other kind ot ammunition, it is -apposed.
No one that whs aboard of the boat
remains to tell the tale of her destruction.
The splinters that strew the river may be hers
or they may be not. The section of the twist
ed ribs of a ketd that lie in the most fiiquent
cel. part of the town, on tne hill, twa hundred
yards distant, may be hers, or they may belong
to tine of her disappeared consorts.
You have read of eruptions of Vessuvius,
such as buried Hercnlaneum and Pompeii.
Y'ou have seen ilintrations of thtm in the
bo ks. This ir.usi have been such an explo
sion as one of these, except that instead of
lava and dust and ashes, it rained over and
over 1 he circle of a mile, in whole packages
and by piece-meal, everything youxan imagine
at a military depot. Em ire boxes of fixed am
munition came down among the tents in the
town, a quarter of a mile di.-tant. and scarce
ly a tent, or house, or boat, can be found
within the circjeof a-mi In that is not riddled
by .shell, solid shot, or small ammunition.
How many wero blown in atoms into the
rher from K ndiick, never to be heard of. is
not known. The captaiu cf the Kendrick is
safe, having been absent at the time of. the
explosion on another hciat. The other boats
entirely destr yed nud sunk were the General
Meade and the J. C. Campbell.
SEVEN VESSELS CAl'TDREO AND BURNT T
THE REBEL PIRATE TALLAHASSEE.
Neio York, Aug. 12 A ofspatrh fiom Fire
Island says; While one of the jailing boats
-attached to the Surf Hotel wjs cruising out
side this morning, it dp-covered a yrwl-boat
making for shore, and upon coming along;
side, sixteen pen ons were found on board
who belonged to the pi!t boat James Funk, '
of New York, the brig Estelle, brig Sarah
B .yce, brig Kiehard, bark Bohstay and
schooner Atlantic, all captured and burned
by the rebel pirate steamer Tallahassee, com
manded by John Taylor Woo'', off the coast
yesterday afternoon.
The, pilot who brought up an Italian batk
this afterndbn reports that on Thursday, at
nine A. M.,. about sixty miles southwest of
Sanoy Hook, he saw a stexmer, showing
American colors. She came close under the
bark's stern, but did not hail. She then
sighted the pilot b.-at James Funk and hoist
ing the rug, captured the pilot-boat and put j
a pirate .crew on board and steamed ff to
ward Montauk Point, the pilot-boat following.
At the same lime he eaw a schooner three
miles to the windward, with all sails cut
loose, the pirate evidently having scuttled
her.
The pirate craft is a small English built
steamer, with straight stern, fore aud aft,
fchoonef-riiged, piloted white, wiih a tfd
bottom, and carries a pivot un forward and
aft, and four broadside guns. She is vtry
slow, the pilot-boat apparently being able to
outsail her.
The passengers by the Evening Star also
report that she was chased four hours yester
day by the pirates, who fired three shots at
her, but outsailed her. This fact was not in-
eluded in her purser's report to li e press.
The North Carolina Election anti the Con
federate Administration.
It Was said rtpea'edly before the election by
the opponents d Gov. Vance, that th- re
elect iou of Vance would an endorsation of
t'e Confederate administration. Well, Gov.
Vance has btn Te -elected by a larger major
ity than any man ever received in this State
before, and, therefore, according to che as
sertion of his opponents, ihe Confederate ad
ministration has been fully endorsed by our
people. The people of this State (with but
few exceptions) are true to the cau.-e, and
they could not do otherwise than endorse an
administration that has devoted its energies
to save them from being overrua by a brutal
enemy. Had it not been fur the extraordinary
efforts of the Confederate administration in
keeping the araiies in Virginia, long ere this
North Carolina would have been the battle
field for the contending armies, and her fields
would have been ploughed up and dwellings
laiel iu ashes. It is not expected that every
act of President Davis shall be endorsed by
every man in the country there may be and
no doubt is an honest difference of opinion
but there can be uo excuse for withholding a
general endorsement of the administration.
This much is deserved, and this much the
people of North Carolina have ccorrted.
They ii tend to sustain the authorities until
the yankets agree to let us alone and acknowl
edge our independence.
The people of this State have endorsed
Governor Vance and President Davis not all
their tcts, but as patriots who have tried to
discharge their duty. Every man voted as he
pleased, without hindrance, and an immense
majority voted one way.
President Davis is wearing out his life in
hard and unceasing work for the Confederate
cause his all is dependent on the result of
the struggle and that man who charges him
with being influenced by any other than pa
triotic motives, is ft slanderer of a good man,
either from ignorance or a bad spirit. The
hearts of those who are all the time finding
fault with the acts of the Governmpnt and
abusing the President, are not enlisted in the
Confederate cause. Char. Democrat.
The Latest from the North..
Northern papers of the 18th have been re
ceived. They contain advices from Gram's
army to the 10th, inclusive :
the Movements 05 Tne north sidz.
The following press dispatches give some
euemy's recent movements on 4
the north side of 'the James :
Washington. Aug. I6.--O.1 Saturday lajt,
General Hancock's orp was put in nietiot!
on the James river, and by a circuitous rout
reached the north side of the river at Deep
Bott m. near Dutch Gip, on Situnhy nikt.
Turner's and Tany's divisions, of the Tenth
corps, also crossed over to Deep Bottom on
the same night.
Ft-ster's divi.-ion, which has ben for som-
time posted at Deep Bottom, was ad ranee 1
by General Biruey a little after sunrise otl
Sift-day. pushing the rebel line of pkirmishers
before them for some ooiniderable distance
when ih-Twenty-fnuth Massachusetts regh
ment, Glonel Osborne, charged aud broke the
re el line aud captured seventy prisonrs.
In the meantime, Gregg's cavalry had c'eir
cd the roads for Hanoock, anl he got his Sec
ond corps into petition em Bin.ev's right, on
the New Market n ad, which Ua'is from Mai
vein Hill diuctly to UichmonU. General
Buuey made an Hssault on the enemy's front,
:d carried a line of bis works, which guird'
the approaches to Hi-hmcnJ in that quarter.
He captured s'x pieces of cannon and twer
luortar.
A second di-patt h, speaking of the same af
fair, says :
The First and Third divis'ion", which werfr
in tupport, lost ab-ut two hundred and fifty
iu killed and wounded from the effects of the
rebel artillery.
The Baltimore G;:ztt, sprak'ng of th;9
movement of Grant, says :
The object of General Grant in crossing tb
Jamts river to the Peninsuli, near Dip
Bottom, appears to have been to ascertain, bv
a reconnoissAnce-in force, the strength of be
Confederates in that quarter. Two arn.v
corps (the Second aud Tenth) and Geier.il
Foster's diviion, were engaged in the move
ment. In its earlier stage it was quite sue-
consisting of four eight
inch Napoleon guns, was captured. The
Confederate skim. ishers were driven back up.
ou their support witii the Joss of seventy-five
to a hwudred men taken prisoners, and a lir.e
of tifk'-pits carried. H re the stioees of the
Federal troops" terminated. Tne enemy were
found to occupy a strong pos'nion iu force.
An attempt which was made Hy the. Second
corps to flank the enemy s works failed com
pletely. 0 0 The loss in the S-'Cond divi
sion is said to have been at least thre huu
dicl men The First and 1 bird division,
which were in support, lost about two hun
dred and titty.
from Atlanta rattle of the 6th Sher
man's COMMI'NICaTIONS cut.
, Under its 'General News" head, the G.-z?-ttc
says :
There can no longer be any doubt tint tho
battle of the G'h of August, before Atlanta,
was quite a serious affair. For averal days
previous, GcneralHherman la b been missing
his troopM on ihe right, and niakinjr u ne
cess'ary pr-parations for a d"truon'-d assault
on Jlood's wo-ks. The object of the FedeH
commander was t- force his way to tbe Ma
cn road ami compel Hon el either to a.rept
bai'lein the open field or to evacuate Atlanta.
The movement was inteuded to huve beti
ciet, sudden, and, it wat bopd, 'der'nive. Lie
lays, however, cenrrfd. On the 4th and 5th,
the troops of the Twenty-third ard Fouitn
coip-Avere in line of battle, nod poitieas were
assigned them frim which an erg.-)gniei)t was
to h:ive been brought ou. Oa 'he overdue of
tbe5tb, tbe Fourteenth cerps, supported ly a
portion ef the Twenty-third, wm ordertd te
advance and drive the enemy from a potition in
front of the Federal lines. A misunderstand
ing on a pvdnt of military etiquftte arose h
twecn the cefumnnders, and the tnovemeat a
not made. Orders were fianlly isr-ue 1 for the
columns to advance at'daylight ou tae 0th.
At the appointed time, the Fourteenth crp,
supported by the Twentj-third, crossed I'tor
creek drove ia. the enemy's bkiruiishfrs and
pickets, and pushed forward eargerly to asrault
Ui8 line of earthworks that tk Confederate!
had thrown up on a succfMion of hill, uni
whose psessi.ia would pen the way to tho
Mi con tailroad. The Federal troops alvaured
to within twenty yard ef the work, when ttie
Confederates, who had reserved tbeir fire, pour
ed into the assaulting rolumss a perfect starm
of bullets, which struck the men dowu fey hun
dreds. 'Actuated by determination to lore
tbe Hue at nnj cost, the troops cont!r.ul,
nevertheless, to presi forward: but th" fire
was so steady and persistent that they fi'iull.f
rec-)ilej and fell back, leaving tbeir dead anl
woutidedin the hands of tho enemy. Tbch fci
sustained in this attack by the Firt brig le
alone is estimated at three hundred. Ia tLc
meintime, firirg bad become general along th
whole Hoe, till it reached tbe frootoftbe Fif
teenth corps, which was hotly engaged for nitre
than an hour ; hut the reaultsin tbat quarter
are not given. The Secoud, Third, and Twr c
tietb crp succeeded, after a sovert entice
ment, ia advancing well forward tapon tbe ex
treme left of the Coufederates which wa founi
to extend along the line of tbe railroad; hut
the battle closed without reaching the coveted
point. 17e k-arn from later dispatches Jiiut no
serious engagement has since taken place.
A dispatch received late lait evening Matei
tkat telegraphic communication wit Ji Maltcr
has ceuaed Wheeler attacked tbe Federal
troopg under Seib-dd at that point, drove theru
out, and occupied a portion of tbe town. Kein-forcemeats-were
being seut to Seiol I from
Cbattanorga. Four trnins, intended for Sner
mau's army, were compelled to bait at or Bear
Daltoa. Wheeler's troop were bily eg.ped
tearing np th track oa both sides of the towr..
His supposed object i te destroy the tuonrl t
Tunnel Hill. Other p-irtions of his frrte are
eugMged catting tbe road south of Dulton. A
train on its way to Sherman is said to bat
been captured at Altocna.
THE TALLAHASSEE."
The Gazette says .
Tbe Tallahassee still continual her depreda
tions. A telegraph fron Yarmouth, Neva
Scotia, reports ihe capture of seven vesil
Sunday last. Another telegrsm from Tbow
toa, Maine, annoaucos tbe capture of twe-tj
five vessels off Mactinicins Rock. All the Utter
were, most probably, fishing schooners.
ETTLF.MENT CP THE DASI-II DIFFICfLTIF
The Asia, at Ualfax, brings the iutcl!irD,:e
tbat tbe arrar.gement of the Danish t',0
has been confirmed via Copenhagen. Denrrut
completely cedes the Dachie s to Austria
Prussia, together witb Jutlani and tuclere
the town of Ribe excepted.
r .i!..n Kuiprvivr1' News. A ret
.it
A-ta t t - ,.
has beeu feceived in this place, to the ?31
that 400 Y'ankoes were captured at Jasper.
Pickens county, .n Sand-iy niijht, by a pgrtw"
of Wheeler's command. Athens Watchman