10
porations, something is sure to be accom
plished toward bringing them to justice.
The Inter-state Commerce Commission has
begun an investigation of the operation of the
block signal system of the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad and the Southern Railroad.
Officials of both roads have been ordered to
appear before the Commission, and it is now
up to that body to learn what has caused so
many fatal wrecks, and to enforce a remedy,
or recommend legislation that will prevent
them in the future.
* *
Mr. Jackson, the newly-elected Attorney-
General of New York, has entered suit against
Mayor McClellan to oust him from office,
declaring William Randolph Hearst legally
entitled to the same. This may mean that
Hearst will be Mayor of New York City
within a few months.
James McCrea, First Vice-president of the
Pennsylvania lines west of Pittsburg, has been
elected President of the Pennsylvania Rail
road Company, to succeed the late A. J. Cas
satt.
McCrea is said to be opposed to graft in
any shape or form, and it is a common saying
that graft on the Pennsylvania stops at Pitts
burg, where McCrea „ has formerly has his
headquarters. If McCrea succeeds in extend
ing his policy of honesty throughout the entire
Pennsylvania system, he will have his hands
full. After all, it is the men who are higher
up than McCrea who do most of the grafting,
but he can do a lot toward checking the big
rascals if he will.
But as a general rule, with no exceptions,
Wall Street puts men in such places who will
work for the interests of Wall Street.
New York’s new Governor, Charles E.
Hughes, has sent his first message to the
legislature, and •it contains much that will
make the people of that State take hope of
getting some reforms under his administra
tion. Here are some of his recommendations:
“A recount of the votes cast for mayor in
the New York City election in 1905, when, on
the face of the returns, W. R. Hearst was de
feated by George B. McClellan.
TURNERS’ UNION.
MR. WATSON TO SPEAK IN AT
LANTA ON NIGHT OF JAN
UARY, 22, 1907,
In view of the fact that appoint
ments which Mr. Watson had not au
thorized have so often appeared in
the papers, there mi?ht be some doubt
as to his being in Atlanta on January
22, 1907, to address the Farmers’
Union Convention that night.
If alive, and ahle to travel, he will
most certainly be there.
K H
THE UNION AT FROG CREEK.
The quarterly county meeting of
the Farmers’ Union was held with
Lebanon Local at Frog creek camp
ground last Friday and Saturday. The
meeting was largely attended and was
an enthusiastic business one from start
to finish.
B. J. Cook and C. W, Bowman, of
“That the courts be empowered to order a
recount summarily in the future, and that the
power bring an action to-try a title to office
be taken from the attorney-general and con
ferred upon the supreme court.
“The adoption of a new ballot whereon the
name of a candidate will appear but once.
“That tire amount of money which a candi
date may expend to procure his electidh be
limited.
“That the courts be empowered to review
the acts of political state conventions and state
committees composing delegates and mem
bers.
“That any general committee of a party
may adopt rules for a direct nomination of
candidates at primaries.
Wants New Railroad Boards.
“That the state board of railroad commis
sioners and the committee of gas and elec
tricity be abolished and a new board be consti
tuted with power to enforce its orders through
the courts.
“That the board of rapid transit commis
sioners of New York City be abolished and a
new board created to control transportation
and regulate lighting corporations in Greater
New York.
“That children under 16 years of age be
not required to work more than eight hours
a day, and that the work in which they may
not engage be specified more precisely.
“For want of proper means for the regula
tion of the operations of railroad corporations,”
said the Governor, “pernicious favoritism has
been practiced. Congress has legislated on
the subject with reference to inter-state com
merce. But domestic commerce must be regu
lated by the state, and the state should exer
cise its power to secure impartial treatment
to shippers. There is also need of regulation
and strict supervision to ensure adequate ser
vice and due regard for the safety of the pub
lic. -The most practicable way of attaining
these ends is for the legislature to confer
proper power on a subordinate administrative
body.”
All the existing transportation lines in
Greater New York, the Governor said, are
over-burdened. The people of Brooklyn who
are in business in Manhattan are subjected to
Pell City, arrived Friday night, and
at the night session Mr. Cook made
an inteerstlng and instructive talk
to the union.
Among the most important business
transacted was that of taking steps to
build three warehouses in the county:
one at Leesburg, one at Cedar Bluff
and one at either Pleasant Gap or
Spring Garden. These locations were
chosen for the purpose of railroad
transportation and for the convenience
of the different locals in the county.
It is firmly believed that these ware
houses will be built at once, as the un
ion is fast growing in the county and
the warehouses are a natural neces
sity in consequence, that the farmers
may be able to store their cotton, to
be marketed as the price will justify.
A very important and timely reso
lution was adopted “that no member
of the union Bell any cotton tor future
delivery,”
THE WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN.
The next county meeting will be
held with Bay Spring local, three miles
northwest of Centre, on the first Wed
nesday and Thursday in April next.
• * *
A sumptuous dinner was spread un
der the large arbor each day, and well
did the good people of that section en
tertain the delegates and visiting
brethren during the two day’s meet
ing.
The editor and bls companion on
the trip, John Clark, of McGhee’s Bend,
were entertained Friday night at the
hospitable home of our good friend,
Mr. G. W. Salmons. He and his pleas
ant family made our stay an enjoyable
one indeed. Mr. Salmons, after liv
ing in this county many years, moved
to Calhoun county, where he resided
for a time, but two years ago moved
back to Cherokee and is now comfort
ably quartered at the White old place,
near the campground. It is needless
to say that Mr. Salmons is an enthusi
astic union man.—Cherokee Harmon*
Izer, Centre, Ala.
such maltreatment and indignities incident to
their disgraceful herding that relief should be
effected at the earliest possible moment.
“Over capitalization and the improvident
creation of guaranties are fixed charges to suit
the exigencies of successive combinations en
tered into for the purpose of monopolizing
the traffic have produced their natural re
sults,” he declared.
An anamolous condition exists in New
York, said the Governor, where the state board
of railroad commissioners and the,city board
of rapid transit commissioners divide their
authority and where the same corporations
control elevated, surface and subway lines.
This should be met by the abolition of the
present city board and the creation of a new
board having all its powers, and in addition
the power to control and regulate lighting
corporations.
Governor Hughes says that if the legisla
ture refuses to enact his recommendations in
to law, he will go directly to the people with
his appeal.
This sounds like he means business.
Senator Tillman continues to let his per
sonal hatred of President Roosevelt over
rule his good judgment.
Think of Senator Tillman, the Southern ex
tremist on the race question condemning the
President for discharging the negro soldiers
who shot up Brownsville, Texas, and defend
ing the soldiers. This is what he did in the
Senate a day or two ago.
The Inter-state Commerce Commission is
investigating the merger of the Harriman
railroad interests.
Several of the high officials of this system
have been subpoenaed in order to keep them
within the jurisdiction of the court where they
'can be made to testify when wanted. Some, it
was feared, would soon decide to take a trip
to Europe, or some other foreign country.
Harriman’s sudden illness looked suspi
cious, and the sudden sailing to Europe of
James Stillman, President of the Rockefeller
Bank in New York, seemed an interesting co
incidence.
The big rascals are nervous.
MADISON COUNTY, TENN., UNION.
The Madison County Farmers’ Ed
ucational and Co-Operative Union will
meet with the Pleasant Hill local un
ion, five miles east of Jackson, Fri
day and Saturday, February Sth and
9th.
President Epperson will call the
meeting to order Friday afternoon at
one o’clock and the afternoon will be
spent in executive session.
The following is the program for
Saturday:
Prayer by the chaplain.
Address by J. T. Upton.
Music.
Address by H. L. Higgs.
Adjournment for dinner.
House called to order at 1 p. m.
Address by J. E. Montgomery
“What I Know,” to be answered by
every delegate present.
Let every local send a full repre
sentation, as there is much business
of importance to attend to at this
meeting. The public generally Is ip.
vltod to attend on Saturday,