vT
mi
A. M. fcO UMAX & C'S., Proprietors.
ADVERTISING1':
ADVFHT1SEML7TS!!! h Incited Mrr.ut'
tf.Aki per Kprecf t', Hf:,, (rr !,) Tor eeh
haipifdA dvertirnirt?.
t
TERMS :
DAILY EDITION, for 6 months
. 3 44
i l
Tlll-W SEKLY, for C month?.
- 3 44
$15
.. 9
. 3
. 10
5
5
JOB VOEK.
WKKKLV EDITION, for G months.. ..
a
IOC tVOP.K of iti I 1 I
X . -io-cription. will be received on any other
than the above, "or tor a longer or shorter
prind.
1C VA
VOL. I.
RALEIGH, WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 1864.
iNO. 2o. ' i
a ran bo tox.f anjirhrtc ia t'.e Hofiijjrra (r
fderacv.
the
CONFEDERATE
PSi
j
rrotfction.
When wc first heard that there was an im-jrc:-s:cn
amnj our p-op'e, that by pome
HiVi!.-! tnv Hiiiht obru'O prelection for them-V-lvc
ttr.d their.-?, in theetentot their section
beiti z r vcruh by the public enamy, we at t nco
sv-v the hir.il of some base and disloyal intri
cuer, who was thus striking a blow at the
rd.ivs through the fears f the poor and ijjno
rnt. Ju?t as artful and not scrupulous poli
ticians strike a blow ,?t the cauc through
the h p's of tic uninformed, when tkey pre-tt-r.fi
to I live a method ot obtaining peace, other
than by the regular constituted authorities.
Bv both the one and the other of these un
worthy characters, are the ignorant sure to be
taken in. We also saw vritb sorrow bow
tl at ihe timid appreher.sit n? of the people
thi.s wiiiked up n, mizht lead many at heart
(i men into place of danger and crime.
And wel avc not been deceived; for the crimi
organization that is now engaging the at
Wntion of the law officers, is the fruit of these
dec;' iterate s'nl, whose sower thinks himself
beyond detection, but who yet may be dis
covered. Now let us he heard once more by this class
of our felbw-citizcus, who are thus milled
aid Hetraye 1. What m-in that has yet ofitred
hirus-lf before you, professing to be able to
brirg ju fence, hns done anything for its
Heh'.tverufcfct !
D'.d not they tell you that they could do
something? I;d they not promise yu that
t'i-r would? lid thy not convince you that
thfir tdtction would hstn the event ? Have
t!iev d oe ought to fulfill these expectations of
years ? What worth are the resolutions of
i r. Lcnch ? Thty were AifleJ by a large ma
j r"ity, V.f cause they were known to he inefficient,
l.-el.'-i, foolish ; and you are no nearer peace
than jiu were before bis election. And if his
r'" utioiis A7 been passed ten thousand times, -
what goo J would they have done? Is the
mimfeto of each of the two Congresses.
l)-oa.?iun in warm language the desire for
pe-ic, potent than these resolutions?
And row, when a politician of the archest
s:h ,o! of selfishness and stratagem is thrust
i; vt himself upon you, and basing hid claim to
support upon the pretext that he is "ihc peace'
candidate. Dcs he tell you how he can get
pM-e? Dors ho show yi-u any, a single
plausible feature of his plan ? While he is
be'rui!ivjr yon with the cry of peace, the
n -rny is iegh-lating to increase his army ; his
f, iv-i are br Ie4gueri::g your capita! ; his
thieving marauders are wasting the land of
provi-d ens, spoiling the households of their
I d and furniture, the farm of its stock and
i:r.Tde;ei:ts, and robbing all defenceless
v.-(!i)ent.d maidens, even, of the very dresses
at. d jewelry that they kear upon their persons.
J rj one well authenticated instance, theso in
eini ite viliia-.s stripped a resp?ct.tbie lady of
tverv it-m ot tl thing, and compelled her to
; in this condition of .-hoeki!i; exposure to
the h"Use of a neighbor to seek for garments
to cov r her confusion
In another, wh- rein i
ana'jed mother aud two young virtucu daugh
ters wrc t ue sufferers, the v.-ore than beasts
ap.p'.rtioned out the spoil some engaging to
r I) the aj;ed mother, while the others vrrrsk
rd a in-re fearful .wrong npn the helpless
mi'dor.s. The air is filled with the shriecks
ci" the injured an 1 tin ruined, while these cor
rupt dei tivers, ;md their scarce less guilty
Inn s. i-ry peiee-without avail, without hope
of avail, excupt by the only argument that
er n re-r9the foe the argument that pro-
c vh with the weight of Wad and the point of j
f-teel, from the valor and determination cf our
s "'i-Iters.
And as for protection though you should
s 11 y. ur country, and conceal the spies, as
tiu' v;!. harlot Ilihab did ; and though you
woar the h "rd and shoy it when they come,
what h pr haw y that the false and double-h-.;'i.--4
vankec? wiil keep bis share of the
pe-ii ? D you think that robbers, thieves,
p'.'ir
rers, will remember faith to keep it ?
Lo;c around
frosn 'Abraham Lincoln down.
Listen to t'n debates in ihe federal Congress,
heir the li?prrsent itives there from Mary
land and Kentucky, how in pitiful tones they
eompl-dn of broken promises and violated
faith ! Lvk to Tennessee, vdiere Adrew
Johnson, nnd John Haxter, and their associ
ate in ir-.famy, betrayed and soli their
cviMrvrr.en and homes. Protection . was
vr. t.i.- d in terms express and unqualified. ive," forgetting or indifferent (for wo pre
il.o.v is the i romise kept? Not a farm is ! ono k v.oo rM,n.l t i.-.f
l-.f: i: l'a?t Tencesce not desdatod. There
is tt r.o sti ck, ro cattle, n i uter.iils to till
the Nii. Fire has been applied to dwellings
i:. . vu ar.d country ; the property of unionists
ad
f.a-t
th.i
h y '.;its have alike perished, in the
. S i sure'y have the poor people of
icso'aie I rei n been deprived, that this
J; 4n I' lxter his been a suppliant by petition
to Abraham L:ncoln, interceding for some
p-or mercy to be shown her plundered peo
p!; that he will forbear to exile them, as he
c ;!emp!ated, beyond the Ohio, but will
j-ud them some provisions, however stinted
the liet, to eke out their existence and save
tkem- from starvation. This petition of John
Ix'fr is couched in the terras of a be ar.
I" !-.a , e whine of the paniel, and it shows
t wl .a degradation an honorable mind can
l:. when it stoops to betray its country.
The rper containing this maudlin lament,
was ient by John Baxter, the traitor, to 44 W.
W. Holdes. with his regards," ami was placed
in car Bands by an officer of the army, and
way now be seen on file -in the War Depart
ment, rJong with numerous ether eYidences the
GoTern-ment baa of Mr. Holden's disloyalty.
We shall ppeak of this subject of ttproted
ton" again. In the mean time, we ask oar
fellow-citizens to heed these warnings. When
'we tell you that your soldiers are your, only pro
tection, we utttr a solemn truth before high
Heaven. If, then, yen would make that pro
tection secure, strengthen the soldier fill his
ranks, supply his wants, administer to his com
fort, tend his disease and his wounds, and
cheer him with the assurance that thtro are
loyal people who will bo grateful for his ser
vice, and will reward his fidelity.
Criminal Combination.
Wheu the political organization known as
Know Nothings, wkich existed in time of peace
and was made up of many as good and loyal
men as the old Union embraced, and which
only had a party significaace, existed, Mr.
Holden assailed it in terras of intense vitupera
tion. He said of it :
;' It is the devil's work, and will leave be
hind a mighty smell of sulphur. Miserable
the man to whom ia after years the infay of
Know Nothingism will attach." Ralgh Stan
ford, March 31, 1862.
Now in time of war of immense Htioal
peril when existenoo i at stake he tays :
" We know nothing about this red string pary
r any other secret political party. What is it
to us if it does exist ? What is Hecuba to us,
er we to Hccmba ?" Raleigh Standard, July 8thy
1805.
He could defame men by opproprious
epithet? for belonging to a political party in
time of peace, but for traitors who have com
bined to sell their country in selling them
selves, he has no word of reproach ! When
the Know Nothing party existed, he thought, it
right and proper for men to disregard its oaths,
to come ut and expose the matter. On the
contrary," says he, ' a man if naorally bound
to expose all such frauds and tricks preparato
ry to bis own repentance." Raleigh Standard,
May 2nd, 1864.
Now, when men are alarmed at the step thy
have taken by becoming members of a treason
able conspiracy whose success would overJ
throw the Government he denounces thorn as
peijurers for divulging; for, says he: 'IfO.
Churchill, Benton Holland, J. B. Long, R. M.
Sugg and Silas Beokwith see proper to join a
secret order and take horrid oaths which tbey
promise not to divulge, and then perjure them
selves by divulging them, what is it all to Mr.
Holden and his friends ?"
Thus be flings off deluded meu, who seek to
repent ,' in accordance with his previous
teaching; where as formerly, he not oniy ad
vised that they were morally bound to warn
others ngiinst the fearful sin into which" they
had fallen," but he iit-ootup that it wa3 right
and proper for a god citizen to go into the or-
, .-.i.i i.iii i.i
5izauon, ana stay in anu nnu cui mine ccuiu,
lish below a letter from New York, to which
we ask t(thougatful attention of our readers.
We know the author he is a gentleman of
character and a man of truth. He has friends
in tie South whom he desires to protect
against the insidious agproaches of this se
cret ovgafiization." 'Our correspondent
in the same letter further exposes the selfish
ness and despotism of the order, and concludes
as follows": 44 Though despising the organization
from the bottom of my soul, I am determined
to continue a member just to keep posted up in
their movements, and to find out their future
intentions." Raleigh Standard, Feb, 17, 1855.
Thus with reference to the know nothings,
he introduces a a 44 gentleman and man of
truth," a correspondent who. despising the
organization, went in and 44 determined to
continue a member, just to keep posted in
their movements,'' and divulge them to Mr.
Holden ; and with reference to a cowardly
tory ass- ciation, he denounces as perjurers
thos who repent ard expose it. And where
as he being then an editor of a public journal,
availed hinisclf of the information obtained
as above; and published it, clahuing to do a
public duty ; beheld when we, public journal
ists, coming legitimately to the information
of the exiteuce in our midst, of a treasona
ble conspiracy, expose it and warn the peo
ple of danger, he denounces us as a detect
heaps cxiiuni on his own head, if he fastens
on us a just censure. Never heretofore in all
the varied view's which bare been taken of
Mr. Holden, has his political character been
so thoroughly photographed as in this record.
What is Ilecuba to him, or he to Hecuba?
The" illustration is ill chosen ;for Hocuba, the
most chaste and virtuous wife of the king of
Troy, was a bereft and broken-hearted mother.
For when she saw
" Potyxeca first slaughtered and her son,
" Her Polydorons on the wild sea-beach
44 Next met the mourner's view; when reft of
sense,
" Did she ran barking evn like a dog."
But Mr. Holden sees his friends fall around"
I on every side, and neitner hirks, ior howls,
nor whines a note of sorrow.
14 T7hat is it to Mr. Iloldea or any of his
Mends ? "Raleigh Standard, July 9, 1864.
Criminal Cambinatiobs.
The best guarantee for society of the preser- j lhes0 criroinl parties. We have re vsoa ti
vation of its interests and safptv irh tonn ALbelieve thilt a new order of things is arwmt to
i - &
in the sure, speedy, and constant maintenance
of the criminal law the detection of offen
ders, and their certain punishment. If crime
does its work secretly, and escapes, then secret
crime will take the place of bold and open
effence. If two or more, by associated; agree
ment and combined action, can better se
cure a criminal object, and attain wish, better.
security a criminal end, then conspiracy will
become 4the vogue," and criminal conspira
tors will infest the social fabric. Wh&re'is so
ciety to for look protection against the enemies
of law? The answer is a simple one r tnthe
r
conservators of the peace to the Judfees of'
r
the land. Ithe offence be committed by the
tary tribunals, then the civil Judges may well
be looked to for its discovery and punishment;
'
or prevention, according as it is a crime com-
1 . ' a
ranted or threatened.
A , , , ,
. ' . u a-
imposing, in proportion as the offence is ag
gravated and the times are propitious for its
commission. The Judge is ifl the highest de
gree a detective officer ; for it is to him that
society looks for protection, before it arms, in
the last resort, for its own ' defence. In time
of vrar and commotion, more than all others,
are tho duties of energy, diligence, persever
ance to detect and pnnish crime, nost obli
gatory -on the- Judges; for then crime finds
most facility in the performance of its acts,
and most impunity ia such performance.
Now, there are eight Superior Court Judg
es of. North Carolina, they are located by
law in their respective Circuits, though they
exchange in the ridings. Besides these, there
are three Judges of the Supreme Court, and a
large number of magistrates in each county of
the State. All of these judicial officers have
became, on their assumption of the office,
"conservators of the pi'ace" the meaning
whereof is, that they are the preservers of
public order and peace; to commit s II breakers
of it, or bind them in recognizances to keep it.
So far then as the number of officers necessary
, to secure these interests are concerned, they
are abundant ; and society has reason to ex
pect whatever of labor may be necessary
throughly to detect and punish crime.
It is now made clear by proof, f r it is con
fessed by the guilty actors themselves, and
there is much more proof as to otlws who
hav$ not confessed, that a secret society has
been formed in this State, whose purpose is
1st, To establish comnunication with the
public enemy, with whom w are at war, by
mutual tigns ami passwords, to be handed,
thrown or sent," by which fraternity or
brotherhood is established ; so that if the
enemy overuns any portion of the State these
brothers may claim a special protection by
reason of their community.
2nd, A fuither obligation imposed by this
membership is, to 4igive timely warninof
approaching danger to any brother ;:' by which
the spy employed in our midst, the de.-erter
abandoning his post, the prisoner escaping
from our keeping, is each aided and com
forted. 3rd, The several obligations of this society
arc drawti tighter, by a penalty which is af
fixed "that of being shot through the head.''
At common law, this combination is a con
ppiray arid a crime. Here it is a military
offence, if committed by any one in service,
either officer or private.
It seems, however, that the Confedgrate
Courts have not eoramon law jurisdiction ; and
it seems further to have escaped the contem
plation of the Congress of the Confederate
States, that in time of a dea-lly war, bad men
might jeopard the safety of the cause, by con
spiring with the enemy.- So far then, if civi
lians commit this crime, they are not amen
able unless brought to trial in the State
Courts. And we are ajlad of this ; for the
honor of North Carolina is involved for all
time in this matter, and whether she is to
have a historic name fir disloyalty, sedition,
conspiracy and toryism ; or whether she is to
be purged and purified by the law and its
executors. It is for the Judges of North
Carolina now to pronpunce.
Besides the crime of conspiracy, we take it
for granted, that when a Sta'e officer a prac
tising attorney, a solicitor for the State or
county, a justice of the peace, or any officer
who has been obliged to subscribe and has
subscribed an oath of allegiance to the State
and Nation, whether in language, or writing,
or print, publishes disloyal sentiments and
shows forth a disloyal feeling, such officer
commits perjury, and is liable to punishment
for this crime.
TKe conspiracy which wo have mentioned,
extends we believe thoughout the State; pene
trating naoro or less extensively into the cir
cuit ot every Judge. These disloyal senti
ments and actions have beon. uttered and per
perted by State officers of various classes.
Society has been put in imminent peril by
these acts and doings, and only saved out -of
the hands of eestre$ers by the success of our
arms.
And yet wo have not heard i.hit a Judge
in North Carolina has takon a -step towards
the arrest, or even towards the detect in of
occur; atld we venture the prcdictioa, that if
the Judges investigate the subject in a mm--oer
worthy of their offire, astounding revela
tions will be the result.
"Look on this Pietnrc,
AND ON THIS."
In 1830, Mr. Holden and the wrrr of this
article were both advocates of Secession.
Both regarded the aggressions of the N rth
as sufficient provocation, and thought the wel
fare of the South involved in a separation.
W ma(Li a. snppolv in Tvpniinwvtllo anft nna in
. e . '. ,
; Wilnaington, setting frth our views; and
, , . tf ' , ,
these speeches were condensedn Mr. Holden'
j Papert were compliiQente1!, and their views
In 1860, ire had grown fo be ten yars
, , w i i . o
older. We had seen the S.mth
., XT . .
yeirs weaker, and the North stronger. We
grow leii
. a . . . .
had seen the South contribute to her own
j weakness by relinquishing her ju3t rights, end
we saw the party with which we had acted
acquire in the infractuns .which produced
herdility.' We tried to prevent this acquies
cence, Mr. Holden encoaraged them for
party end's.
In the meantime, compromises had been
adopted in Congress on the da very question,
and political pariies bud agreed on principles
by which they wonld be governed. In 1860,
the party to which Mr. Holder and we be
longed, met in convention, and divided, one
portion seceded, and nommate.d a candidate,
for the Presideacv. Mr. Holden did not
secede, and yet refused to remain ; but be
came a "stand between." We remained,
aud sustained the regular nomination.
Stephen A. D )'ighis was the regular nom
inee, as Mr. Holden subsequently pronounc
ed, and him Mr. Holden deserted; while we
supported him to the end, and voted for him.
'having canvassed a p.rti u of the State in
his behalf. Mr. Holden first denounced those
who defeated his nomination, ax secessionist.?;
threatened to" strip the covering from them;'
and in his next issue raised their flag aud be
came their supporter. In the proures of ti e
canvaxs, we happened to heir Mr. Ciirmman
speak- and-we then took ground, foat
coln's election, in itself, wo-tlj noi ju tiTy se
cessiiio, aud tht so long as North C orolin i
remained in the Union, her citizens ou-ht to
continue to fid the ofliv-s. sueh as Jude
hipp, Post O Hi res. mail carriers, &c. Mr.
Holden abus.:d us for this sentiment, per
verted our language, and made out that icg
would take office from Lincoln, which he
said' wou'd he -disgraceful. His opinion was.
that Judge Biggs, the United States Marshal,
and all the Post Masters ought to resign im
mediately on his election.
We both went on our path-- we votiiig for j
Douglas, he for Bit ckinridsie. After the elec
tion, tha S'iither!i St,tt-s dniruenced to secede;
and when they veut out, we iii':media,tely fore
saw that coercion and war were ar, hand, arid
that North Carolina ) ad but one alternative
to choose her .side. 0r heart was with our
brethren of the South ; ar-d we commenced to
urge cur pep!e to unanimous, and to pre
pare for Wrir.
We urged the people of.N'wbrn as e.irlyj
as March, 1861, to build iron clad gunboat
for harbor define?,. Mr. 'Holden continued,
with the Stce.isioiiist until he was de'eated
for State Printer,. when, "all of a sudden, he
commence! to abuse thm.
NeverLhelnss, he afterwards ran for the
State Convention in W;ike c uudy announced
himself for Secession was elected went to
the Convention- voted for the ordinance of
secession, aud HE, Mr. Holden, and no one
else. 4 pledged ihe last doiiar-and the last
mnn" to its support.
Very soon toe went into the service; was
present in onic battles, and. temained until
Mr. Holden said cur resignation teas rigui;id
proper. Mr II -Men did not go into the ser
vice, but sought and was eleced to a shidi
office State printer and has' never been
within hearing of t'e echo of the sound of the
ULS. fc
These are .the facts : now for the corrolary :
Mr. Holden denounces us. for an original
secessionist, at d Des.tr'jeJ ive; and claims for
himself to be a ' Conservative of the straiten
secet." And the wi ii der is, that s me people
are stupi 1 eijth to swallow his pretences. J
But their number waxes less ; and the end of
his career appr-'aohes, s sure as the flight of
lime.
Governor Vance's Bacon.
Mr. ILl'Un.- 'V Vtr-e to Gov.
Vance' b'oi-ka'ie -axii ies, excep, when he
can get a nib!)! nit Urn hinjsetf but. sre!j
even lie will b? pi- as.l to learn that a steamer
has ruu the blockade aixi arrived safely in
port, with a large qu mtity of bae-on, which
has been imported by Governor Vance, f r
the wives and families of the soldier and
for the destitute of the $tat. The bacon
we leam, will be distributed as o n as it can
be brought to the different depots for tint
purpos-e. A larce number f scythe-bl ios
arrived ia the same stranger. They were also
imported on State account but ut;f rtunate:y
they arrived too late for harvest, 'ituy will
be useful however next 3 ear.
Mr. Frank I. njon.
Wp pub'i.-o 10-day a. ron"urtzf!foa,i from
Mr. Wilson, with referetxiv to hi- visit t tre
army, aHd1 we hope he may be jhr witcn
this gets there. Notwithstanding what Mr.
Wilson says he went load d wu with Hi'ef ;s
Standard's, Hoi'den circuiir., I-dJen lickets,
and the Progress.
In the Progress which be earned, wii! b
found those nefarious at.d c;d!emptib!: tffu
- sions which propx.so a tnven'ion w"'th the
North, and ecor.srrueti..n jf pUn ran b-
presented which n:sy be acceptable, or sep
rate St te nationality. It is a pity fr nien-s
hor.r and repuMtion, when they lower them-
Pelves to such unmanly expedients.
We shall say more of the Progress and it .
Editor-., wheu the election i over, ami when
the people of the State, in the proper tribu
nals, comedo dispose of tee disloyal !emci;l
whic'n disturbed and harassed it. We have beo;
silent because loth to speak ; i.r.t when we do
speak, fe will communicate some additional
facts to Mr. PoMiitigoiu,or John the Kascal,' !
as Joy calls him,-which wi'l astou d him. A.d
we will speak to Ihe book
Th Standard's and circulars with which
Mr. W iTsoii is packed, wi'l contain the fab
statem.-nts of Mr. Holden, that 'Mhrcats
have been made lo punish s hlif rs wh.o (h v?c
to vtte for him." They will contain charge?
of fraud and corruption wh:eh be made upon
Governor Vance. They. will contain his np
roval of the iilej-il. ai.d indictable p'roposi
tions for peace, outride of the government and
against the prescribed forms of the cor.siifu
tiou. They will contain much mora perhaps,
44 secretly idled up," which we have not
seen .
Now, f r onr own put, we nr of tho.
opinion lhatno such d octinx t,!. 1 tiij! f to bt
permitted to circulate in the sirmv, c-pfeidi
at this tvne. Tlvy are if.comli-trv in th"ir
charaet'T. Tiiey are ca'cunted to dio .-!-tent
tho soldier, to riduro df srr'ton,' t .
weaken the confidence i-nJ droits (,r- s'-inis
of the men, and to turn (i nn aside iYojm
the channel of devotion in vh;;h t'" v ii vv.'
labr.red so iilori(Mily T;i-re is r.o rea --v
why tley should bv Callow ed. Oir l.de;
in ti e at my do n it wish i ; the hynl peot h t
at home do ;.ot wisii it. u.t i the sohlie's d
not widi it
Now. l iov ha'l it best !o tv idd ? L t
the s-dtiiers tbem.-eives taVe it in hand 1 !
vhem e r, it that these pestift ron& docu men's
vio iiot find timir way amoM- them'. The cor.
test is tod tnointtO'.'-s to b prej idic-d for the
sike of so unworthy a:s o'j ot as Mr. Ho! den's
o
P'.htical advantage. That the soldi t wi!:
do tliis. w have uot d .not. fyi it bn u'--(lf
t-te d, ! is missim ' f Mr. Wilsmi, af! !
- the boys will t .ike it, iiihai d. For our
selves, we ihoiill uot iiho to h in Mr. Wi1
fon's place, unless we wished to got irto a
fiih1.
VVe kaow exactly v.ha 44 t!ie boys " wiil
say : " Com out of thorn rolled up papers:
W' see your fv?t stick if g out, snd knoA' it's
you." Atid tljn (for these boys !-ve ; prjit
tjcal j ke, an 1 no w here better than when un
der lire) we think we free. them tjkit; th -mes-sener
aio--nd. by special i:;vi;,itiot;,
when the.y ;o toclrarge the front picket litu;,
ami if he should exprtt s a desire for it, th?y
will probably leave him in Ihn pit for a niht.
to chat with the other side. Aud if any of
the " II. 0. A.'s " among the Yankees are oot
that idgltt, they can ask alter their hrethrin
over here, and how tho Wvt. W.N. Br.ijj
oomcs on withldn appicatiou f r the Ulan
dishmeiU of CaapLiin. Whit prortsa Sils
Burns is making iniiiit'uig in Ciiarh w. P.
M. Brown, and Leonard Ilou-e, a .d KL.d
rick Johnson in Wake. L jvv and his com
pters in Kirahdph; an i wlcit are Me-srs.
Dick's, aud Cahlw ll's and J.. H. Evoritt's
chances far th- Legislatnr. All tiie ' i'eois
of n'ivvs tlie Yaokees wiil wish to know frr-ni
Mr. Wils.n.
VVe have no niessenger to srrd ; hut we
shall put thee pipers nf our in puhiij 1
Diaiis. They go very irregularly, b it we j
h'jpe some of tlsem v i 1 1 re n-h 'h"-tr d?ti:t .
tion "Tho boys" ktio-v that we are op d
to these practical j kes, but vv never c ull
help laughinif at thtn. eve:, when practised?
on ourselt ; and if at.y of flYse trifling inci
dente should befall Mr. Wbson, however ob
jectionabl we might regard it, xee should be
sure to laugh.
Granville Gusty. We learr; tbat the;
foil wi. g ti ktt f. r lb- Ley'-hit'ire, w, t t in-
jrat1' hi Gr;:itviP- oiij-. v 00 M-n hav l-tf. J
viz: Fcrdr: S-o-.v-, C. II K !' -O or E-?. j
For tu- Cou;.i. C' I. d ! "t t V.. I.
Cbe,iti-am,.E-q.,.v)tl i:. ' l
ge";t:t:.ii.eii are all vvd k -vo 1 i 10 .:.'. y ;
as trne and trietl wttn. Tr?v -r a'- 1 V-ru",
for Scutherw Kigtifs and Southern Ifidpeit-
deuce, a: d opposed to the wbitb a'e f xe i pd hi j
oi magtbtra es, constaoies, mi.itia oracrs. tvrv, 1
, from service in- tbe army. A we expected,
the action of the Nst Leislaturr on this snb
ject has caused wide-spread dLsatisf'action
. tbn ut'h ut ti e country, a' h rr.'. and in th:: .
artny . Th;s io-di'; .. e--Tries t tt tro.ij J
tim V c.'Ui!:e. We n;..;!, b - rn- ri-r-1 if tne
entire a5v,e-namt d ti' kti :s 1 o vlv.-ted iu
Grauvil'o
.
F r the C"n-d.'te.
JlAr.cr.tr. ,N . .??1:v
JL;n: fydifor : I ihv y ?j itt- Vour nil?
t')t; d r.of'cH, u rMir i?sn-i .f this , lav.
"'j? tpy'!f.d.-.i vi-'t o :$ih;.;" .i y
if; Vir-LMria ; h; t ir ar.ot! r nui.. ivin
r.dvic. (which J xetv.-. i I pnsMm 't -..
LstemVd. respccif'-.Uy.) I mut l 'a.r, d t,T
say y u frp.r to t,:,v( mit,VK r m ,:,, .
I go not a th'itg t of;jnv .-'iq 10, c:ti r
lany. I al--:iHy io.v Mtt-r. ti -kc't. p p...
iVe.. fr -m what :oe c.tlh d H fdt n iv..;. at.j
Va:t'; men. I Kv a ton .- d -,v "
ijti. ;.',; r. in tl;- :tihj i, it ! t'. ij-T.
and I ! r-.v. rcV.MO tr. road oer n iti t pit'it--
any tnu1 er't!e.n -xerpt so ni';;1! r.s will de
fray my exr.er."e-. a: d vKr. ItMe vs. luf
tariiy ofTerctl to c ntri' u'e mot-? than I would
receive. Igopx; li.o ;.-)'rn, m.tl al tor
mv (wa urattla".li..n. Isit ".r?anaV'l? tint
ulr. wishing fo c imuiuni-aNi with fii.o lH
r.nd rehdiv- s, sh ul ! u-tar my cxrnv',J'. while
I rik the lu.uerr ,a"d u,;hrp'ti the f.i;i::e ,f
the j itn ,ey ? I thirk of. '
I wMl t'sk the further 'anf;-r of c-.rring
with me rot-i- ,f any aio? .!! pperj t u'
lishtl iu this city or in this Stnt?; fori fee.
l;evo our foldicr a e iiumano ar,d reas na'':',
as we all know th:ya"e bravu a 1 pat it ti-.
For m -elf, I r id add, J tf i ev toe iii
fcnv.u yr cl.;mati-n ( Lincoln in Apr:',
1801. I hive kivnvn lui one purlv, a'rl tht
is "the ttur pari..1
I thihk I have the ri-l t c' lbn.an 'ns'-r-tioo
of this in your pap-T, i'l onii r to prevent
any mis' ij-rrheti-ion th.it might arise fr :.
yt;u: article.
Vert rrprf fid I rt
FRANK. I WILSON,
E. J. Warren, Esq.
AVo publish below a !uflir lrtm this ger
tleman. tlcfining his position io tho Guberna
torial contest. It will ba r ;m,:n'ered t' a,
severi' weeks a 50, wr t:,te 1. 'on tin aathotl
ty of our own know!. lt, that Mr. Warrtn trrts
'for Gov. A'.inee; hri the 'rirt3 having ?!!-'
qtient'v cl -timed him as a supporter of 31.
Iltddi o. we fU vvjr'into 1 i'i aldr-S'in hitn
tUe note, wloch.'tji elicit-1. the fwdio-.vinj
r. pi : GwrrfHc:
GrtFKNVJLl.K. July o. letil.
J. P Hyman. V.-t.)'rr Sir: I have l.-n
j1: p) fr.-m ii place foriiratly a tofith. antl
did not r.'" e"v .your f.v r of ti:- 'J:J .liine
iir.til th" 2 1 i - st. No ii:id I sr; tb edito-ri-d
iv h Prvgr.'ss of ti o 2:J ! ut . t which
"noillmy atrth-u. Y"U rci'ft tue Ut
i 1 1 f ! n1. y-'nt whh.r My pilho is c r'Cid'y
r, ive in 1 1 , .1 1 ?v ich-.
lu lfj-'y! 'rr lo sy that it i not. 1
hive re'-T w; h ":-.'! 1 l. cxi:i'!' tt ,f my
; t.rpo' e to sta p-lt ov. V.m t c :.t lh" ciini'.g
e'.c li.ov Th's w tfj !'-. in t,-, ,t ,vv wAi',ru
fit l!.f --e-s'en --f the Lv;;d T 'in ii hf
eveiNody w'. th' o'jht i' ""TtS hi- wl.i'e t
irtjuite about it-. Since that ii.-. 1 hrefl
scrve ) that my aame ha-t hrm n,:d to s-mo
extent in ti. pa pets, but I have i, t rh.scn
t.iVe :.nv r.li!h- ". of il, I ,.1-lr. f (j:,
t.o: tln:-k the afi -'ii I prep H f r 0,3 s- Jf hi
this eont-d for Go eriv.i c -ji! 1 ! of frty in
ter est or imp- t t r:cc to ,r, 1. iy rxvrt iny
iniidiatr5 co;is:itue.nrs.
I have ri'ti't tted t s nfly the cf;vii u
pm toit uf, and have rotiti i hn.N d rothing hy
wool or aft to incr-'a-e iu t'r','s. 1 liavo
had. however, but ono podii 1:, and 1 f. jan it
but re.-pfctfuliy to yu tht s to fj-ehio i', .
though you rorrcdlv stated it Ktmv tit;V -ince
'vn th authority of vour' c.vu l'iriw',',1,"
Vt ry ivspectfuiiv y ar,
V.. J. WAIIRFN.
Suprrms Couri.
Ojtirioi.s of th1 Judges iu the fo!lov,d'-g
eus-s I avo b es. filed :
IV.ai-sok, C. J. In Ll'tyd r. Durham,
from Grange. Jutlg'Mtit rr v-red, v r ijf i'j
iavo. In Giilher rs. F "''; fr.-m Ivi.,
eftor, venir" de r. vo. l; ,S ' r. II" a . fVoi'n
Mr kteiihcrw, no tri.T. In t5''''h r-v. Tboins,
in fqnity, iVnn "Dupdn. f'Stf liea o'fen-.' f r
plti:iifjr. In Sh-tlfi-er cx FogVuein, d'rret.
inga tale id t!; hind. In Ihdr rts
et:. from Ch -tvrlurd, in equiiv ; f, ci r I ir
to cxecnto deei, Sc':. irh rrto (r .a .-oict
.f rcr.fs and profits. I t Stirnin'' r?. I'.it
f n, in eq'ttlyj front B:itiC..:nl, d cui ring
pla'iHtdf ret eniiSlt d t o t ;.t j , ' of ft;od in
dc'en:Hr.t,i ban'' arising I'm 10 sale of tan -ml.
In Ihi'ton vs. IV.ton, in 'jui'y, f'r-m lhf.
c m" . d' cree ., n'.5' V"' ' "" t:!i t t.
(iray. in equity, from Jltfi-.'oiph, 'bill
H"d w is ti t'r-Vs
liv IJaTtlk, J Li M t-!is?t r.. Mc
Nfill, f r -t 'ninht -i.it L a ITh-Tii ,"!!; judz
rovi't. Li W:;lke- r. W i'l: f, fr 1:1 (); .nge,
jod:::ei.t r'f"i'."l and Verdi d novo It
Sf.-ile vs. ('..!;, it - m L'.n- o!:i, no t rior. I i
St.,' , . f. B. I. C inp. .v. fro-;. Ma-c-n
aflitinit. t' e juii'in' itt In I Ii 2 l"'i f
Cbasrm:.;, ir :n !I t rj, jod-ttrent -drrmvif.
In I'iem'ii' tm, cx Frsby, from B'.'Ui: t.tthe,
julym-nt n.fTir:: .!. In Sou'lt r. Snd'h,
fi-itui J ior;.-t "j, derrte for plait.ti.T. I 1 Mc
t"Jf. Mal'.-tt, if eq iitv, f;oo-j Chatham,
detiitiner sns'.iir.ed and b:ll dimisf-l. In
IV'iigs vs. Hns )!i, in equity, fr-m Ga: t on,
nph-r rver ed, ifij'ari.-ti.ju diso!.;d in part.
Iu Wi kins vs. Harri, from R jlhvrf.r.l, rr
d jr ;. farmed. I i Gnrily vt. Ki".c-ti.l, in equi
ty, from Burke, p'ainriir etititieil t.ashareao
a .i'0!'ii:rutr.
11 Y Manly, J. la J hnn r.f. Oiivo
J'd,nson, afiirinitig tlie i 'iltfi-.-tjtl 1 . Ji'-aves
vs C . rnherj, from Otarj.'. j.jidmnt re-vrr.-
d a;d v nire d- novo. In Woodford vs.
Js,J. ,r'n' Lin'oln, '.oit-miti lbs iud;.
tijrti. In .State r. I)ia, from Dai-,
errfr juilgiiient for the S;le. In Slate it.
Sam, from Havip, no crrf. Itr Herbert r.f.
.Sanderson, from Cl.y, demurrer lii'taiued
at:tl infvirma'ii'n quashed.- In M"dv.r vs.
Worthy, in equity, from Chatham, dt?tni-sing
the bill In Lynch vs. Bitting, in t-quity.
fVimi Yadkin, lumis?ing bill at plinti3's
costs. I Ktijg vi. JIcKioney, ir. equity,
from Surry, disp.lving injunction. In C'ross
utid vs. Shooer. ch-tai-siug th ; bill.
Toe Sur r -n,r (' urt In- .w.j. urto-d, afii-r ;he
a r o?!t"n (A in".' !i imp r'a'ii let-it. , all
ti.- Jnd' s h viug beeu prts:-nt dii;:t: tie?
entire sniou.