THE CONFEDERATE.
VvKDXESDVY, JULY 2T, tSfci.
There are more reasons tfc?n one for our
apprehensions tbat rcJu are mcdit&ted upn
portions of this State. There are known to
be coati'lirable bo-Iies of deserters ia the
v.ou's, and these are, fccyord d . ul-t, banded
with tori-rs and yanhces aud league! :'th
both of thewis tl.is sro.-vi associati- :i aI5;-l
"Ilsrnii cf Arn-rin' Is: '-rul porlbr3 of
the Statj, t'.t.-o ;'!' mn iavo iure'tei:td,
at t!.f-c'j.iL e't'eti -iu tt profit taeiiiSeivfs
a: vnri ou joi"is. &-;! co:urol tLv v.tcs. Jfhe
repeated a!t-:::pta te dv.rcac it.s traitiS on the
Central Rau'rvw?, the ionii-.g of b-tf'- ar;!
t:.;j ether pr n-;ty, so cs to irujiedi transps.r-
titi
ar iurt -.r in.iicitl-.ns. An ! rot the
leaot a.n&ivj
:e the
anxi' tv wLi' h its'? near in tli3 N
Yu:k
7 f ;r lit. Hoiders success.
It l-eli fovo ti; ituthariues to le 'on .the
a'ert a::d vT2i:!.;nt. We hope the Adjutant
G:-a nil the Hutc awake t tbe impor
tance cf id in sef.jrehan-l. We are aware
that th- :iiip..rtai:t l.vaii ie of the Ste kv j
orgauiz-I c i T:pi..rj( s for defence. .lint towns,
with tiie :or.:es .tiew:, ea.'m'jt maintain a
cefonc-' with o-ivairy rtilsrs; Lor can inUntry
gti.ir I -.vz iin'. their a .tva-icj or retreat. To
c ;e with :r. ;a ;ti l ra-jn moving- rpiJiy to
I'm :r-coi?!K i;n-?:it f ai obj jet, our farces
jn '
hi l i f j'iiition to sn'jiut.
We fii', tbr'-Ore, tb.it
. . j. .
tvnercver,
tnr-re
re troop, steps shou'd at
once be t.-ika f-ppiy tai-m mt:i haracs, so
that every ni.su m ly k i w 'wh-rc to g;t h:3
iiorse as well a-i r?Ar t jet his a, m tho
-m 'r:: ' irii: ;. W- f 'el sn-e that every
citi.':i w-n h ie ho?s m, will euae t ) furnish
them o-i tiie moment, o:i the h.pp?ni:i of an
Cuervo ,ry, for a iwait?d ti ne to be used in
tiit? I'iCii! '.h'ffciue. .
It miy be t iki fr gr.mti, thit a party
of cavalrr m:Tin ' on a rai,l, will avoid in-
faijtry; but mounted infantry tbey cowl not.
avoid. IU timely arrarigenie.it cn organ iza-
tim can b. .-o ili;i itly workol, that every !
So'. Ii-r vi .1 kr.o v T.iorc to gH hi hirS2.
We su :'"it this esechilly to the Corn-
miM-ler :' thj !i'y i Uf a'i ;ti here, and vroulcl.i
(l ii 1 toa s;t2-stioa, if it wisl n't beconsid-
ered intr. ive.
Force.
JTr. II !den is endeavoring to produce the
i'norti?-.i o. lit it :ha (iv-r.'or,- or tiie Cn-
fed.'rat ; G veriim:it, iute'ids to use force to J
reveni t',f fri?"do;:i of election. Indeed, h
ex pre
l-irrs vms and fie uras
i
his
friend i to g tc p -)!'. prepared to rsiet
force by f rc . In other words, he seeks to
cre.it e an ex cm? for tb? introduiioa of forca
and terror, wvK k;i j'.viug tiiat all the wicked
cloicnt., suoa a.4 the deserters and tories,
will b? oi his ?:A.
I a this is ia otbr matter, ?dr. Ulden
s-an lr the g 1 ami r?poetib'.3. mon of the
Htr.t-J ; bu' in this as in other matters, he
does not frunt'jn anyb.'-iy. It will be well,
if there ar- any person wko may b indu ced
to kick up r. ir. !.:.:, f.r tiiein to TCinember
that wl.i'a Mr. Ilol im will bo gl id to have
their aid in t'ijt -v.iy, he wiil u t ia . tho Uvv-tt
expect to r-jad.-r th:.n any aid. Xo : thoy
may b? a-ure. if any II 'Idea man pk-ks a
qmrrtd or iuto a for Mr. Hohieu,
he, Mr. II hi?n. U the " t mm " that will
ttiy by hi hi. II- might '-see him snt," but
ha wou' 1 do s with gl fro n distancj.
Tno g.ni p -op's of Nortli 071 iru ifl-iv bo
as$uri'J that, th y m iv g to t!i p ils and vote
safely. Wluu-e d iner is thrcater.ed by the
public cfjccjy, a force vrid be at hnnd to pro
tect a Li. And it would b? a legil and proper
act, lor a'l g od ir;en to be prcpired to resist
deserter- w !,.- nmy attempt the polls. And
let all o.i men vorp an' ho iest, open ticket,
fjr a record -for tl-emsfdis aod famiiib."
In his; isr piper, ilr. Hjlden says "McRae
will not fuiit."
When Motiie was about to sue Mr. Ilolden
for slander, he stated to the public that he was
driven t that c ursa because Mr. Ilolden
would i; t accept acl allenge. If McRae was
in error, and air II. ! ien will signify to him
privat'dy 'I-at na has b?en misunderstood,
the .uit will be withdrawn.
When Mr. UoMen enquired, a short time
biuee, if thpre was any way in Which ''McRae
rodd be provailetl on to go in the army,'"'
that p-ui rfp'ied, "yen, in twenty-four
hours, if Mj Ilolden wuld accompany him."
If Mr. II Hen hvl a -cepl, t ach then could
have cn the oti tr's lighting qualities.
One ti l l.: is certain, both h ;ve I sen tested.
Of M hae it i- not for us to speak. But wht-o
a lawless lo ly of w.i-n assailed Mr. ilolden's
house a:.d rulelv a.Tr.'ined Ids wife and chil
dren, Mr. Ilolden did ?jo fihi, but rar away
from horro. fan.dy and ail, and got into a
TieijihUr's house y tho 'south front" other
wise cul foi the back door ; and, therelikt) a
"Hero if America," "took protection."
If tbe peojde of North Carolina want a
Oovtrr.er of sveh fighting qualities, Mr.
Hjlden is the man.
Soldiers in Hospitals.
Can they vote, as though with their compa
nies. We tbink they arc entitled. For although
the language ihe law does not include their
caie. Tbe spirit of tbe law clearly doe. And
tne act should be liberally construed.
It would seem to be altogether proper ferine
Commandant of tbe Post to order the pells te
be opened in the Hospitals, for no harm can r
eult from it, as hereafter the retuns will be
compared in legislative session so far aa the
Governorship is concerned and as to Legisla
ture CHudidHtes. the Sheriffs will reject or ac
cept; as they deem right. The remedy for any
error beirag at last in the Legislature, if there
EaU is .ried by tho acceptanca of Euch votes
r their rejtction.
- Blac Taras.
Immediately prrcfdirrg- every election, for
macy years, Mr. iWAcn is seized with a
.'Blue Tarn." WlvU- ti-.i fit is rn hftn, he
see3 everything "kr.juib the gloomiest and
most startling y. '.-.. We give belowr some
ppecinaecs-of there - sJiue Tunis," and Mr
Ho Id en's condition during the paroxysm.
1 "The election of Gilmer, or the re-election
of Gov. Bragg ky a diminished majority, woujd
dishearten the friends ot the Constitution and
the Union i?; our sister St-des and would be
hai'cd wi.h j y by the lilr.ck Republicans ami
thr kuow nothing alik-s." Raleigh Stan
dard, August 5'A, 1856. - .
;-FeIh-v.'-citizeus, you hava a rijht to un
traroms'ed Representatives. c If yVu part with '
riht,- you wi'i intiojluce into the very heart
of the representative .system a principle which
nmt d Etroy your liberties and cut off th
hopes -ef fetcrWy. " Ti:rn out in fuU force
a?e that th eped and infirm are conveyed to
the vAt.nT-r'Uigh Standard, Juhj 28th,
"Bixr n minthat Jame. B. Shep.rd, K. N.,
admits that in a contest between an ht;ne?t
mm vrao is i oi a Iv.is., auii a zaowr mining
rasCal, he would vte for therafcal.
"IV! I every vote. Be on the election ground
ep.r'y. S.e that the iofirni aol tick aro there, i
and arc allowed to v te. If you falter, se-rio'-c.
disaster may overtake our cnuse. We
lero that Alfred Dockery is in Richmond
cotiuty, no doubt operating for Kerr and the
Seward cause. High ti.i e., ween a member
wf Congress comes ho3ie on $8 per day, to
electioneer for party pcht mesand party aims."
RaUigh Standard, July 28th, 1852.
What shall the verdict be ? If for Dockery,
tk-3 Whigs of the free S'atcs will take rcii&wpd
hope and 'courage. But if for Bragg, the
friend of the President and of Dohbin, it will
bo regarded with appreh.pnsiom by the free
sellers." Standard, July VJlh, 1854.
"LWic at Eli ha Bnrrett, tliC blacksmith,
who. is the. master of forty languages ; and
look at Alfred Docksry, not yet the master of
.one.'' Ditto.
"To the Polls, friends, evrry r.e of you.
1,'he contest is between a perpetuation of tho
Union according to the Constitution, and a
Government of unlimited powers. If Cald-
well should be elected, be will vindicate 3'our
rights aiid guard your interests with the
fepirit cf a man ; but if D.ckery should be
elected, he will co-operate with your assail
ants and willvote tire and sworel against a
sister slaveholding State, if the President
fhould so command kim."
Raleigh Standard, July SQih, 1851.
The Senior Editor of tlic Progress.
In pur intercourse with Mr. Pennington, as
an Editor, we have treated hirn with the same
degree cf courtesy as we hve done to all
others. As he i.s familiar with our style, he
knows this to bs eo. It i.s not because we had
not ample materials for personal attacks tint
we have abstained ; but we had reasons cf our
own; and our only controversy with him has
been for political opinions, which we have
freely discussed in temperate language. A
short time sdnee we published a communica
tion signed ' Siam," emanating froai Rath
er ford ton ; which grossly misrepresented Gov.
Vance aud reflected injuriously upon our in
tegrity. We called on tho E lit-rof tho Pro-
grcss for the author, and ho gave it as Co?.
Harris, the candidate ia Rutherfordton. At
the same time the Editor properly informed
Col. Harris tbat he had oiven as his name.
Whereupon we received a letter from a you g
boy by the name of Harris, auming the
authorship of "Siam," and ;spoloiz;ng for the
article of offence to us and about the sv.iic
time we met Mr. Pennington, who assured us
that ho hid been mistaken in giving the name
of Col. Iliriix.- We accepted his explanation.
On Saturday, the Progress appeared with
two articles: the one a departure from the
obligations of courtesy under which we had
put Pennington. We allud-? to the article in
which Orrio Churchill is spokeu of as the
'tool of ihe Confederate."
The other is not only a more vital depart
ure, but isa gross oflT-nce agaiu3t our personal
rights. In that he allows Mr. Frank I. Vils-y.
to threaten to post us, in a degrading manner,
on the public square. What will be the con
sequences of such an act we have already
stated to Mr. Wilson. And s'ich injurious
conduct towards us by the Editor of the
Progress, justifies all that we said to him.
Tools.
The Progress of Saturday speaks of the
Rev. O. Churchill as "the tool the Confede
rate." The reckless statements of that paper
would fully warrant us iu the application of
harsher language than we like to bestow. It
seems to be wholly unscrupulous ia its state
ments, as though truth held no place iu its
regard. We do not remembe ever to have
seen Mr. Churchill but once, and never knew
him befure he published his card. Oi the
occasion .when we did Fee him, he came. to
us and on that occasion we told him that
wo had no sympathy with him whatever
that we resarJed him and all his as50ciates as
a band of bad men, who had organized them
sslves into a tory society that they were fit
subjects for the law and the law ought to
take hold of them. It was for the courts to
say what discrimination they would make
between ignorant dupes and the leaders. With
us, furthermore, it was a matter of indiffer
ence, whether they voted fer Got. Vance or
Mr. Ilolden.
At this interview, Mr. )ouncil was present
'We had had pretty much the same conversa
tion with the Rev. Mr. Bragg, when he pre
sented himself to confess and hide. The
difference between ourseifand the Progress
is; that wediate the crime without reference
to the criminal. It hates the criminal, if "not
for Mr. Ilolden, and defends him if he is,
being indifferent about the crime.
Panics.
The " self-made candidate " ig endeavoring j
to excite a panic. If Vance is elected, says
lie, ." the gloom of despotism will at once
settle dofarn upon us all," and "every true
conservative will be marked for the tarmy.
t-uch JJantona as Mcltie will be over us all,
and persecutions, arrests and in4risonmeEts
will be the order of the day."
The "self-made" seems to be in an awful
fright ; and with his veace proclivities, the '
. . . - V . . ;
, . , - '
idea of being -'marfced for the ,rmy," on- ;
etritg every aluscle frme. To'Von ;
a mon? ti e soldiers and the bayonets," haunts
liiai like a jrhtt. That tbis thin? frightens j
Mr. Ilolden, thre ro doubt. But his efforts
to alarm the people by the terrors of arrests
ar;d persecutions, are poliiical aets. ' lie 'has j
alwavs'done fSe rarrehinjr.
I
jib caia i nenry iay were electee! , we i
nacriSced to Mexico ; and he called the leaders j
and ho called a!i their leaders abcufiomsts. J
He has tried all parties, and denounced what-
ever one he didn't happen fer the time to
i i i -
oeiongto. . i
-houU have a ptrjurehn inisrsierer, a; d the i following express m, or s-imetlnng near it :
country would goto ruin. He paid if tl.euld j " f?e.wu-"uIus l? fi'-!it the Yartces until
..r, . , . . , , heli :r;ze over, ari.-l until it was so full uf them
hig party trinmpncd, the country uould , b t their heeh sU:ck M.t f fa wil:tJow, t
of that party -"Mexican Whiffs" and "Tories." j Lvnfe-aerate, over the Hna! tire of " l).u," and
He Faid if the' know nothing partv tri Ciiiie;i ou the.di!t r ' .t:'e Progress for the
- , . c, , v , - . " , ! prcof pfemustng to give my o-ti name and
umpned the feoalh would be slroycd ; ; hc evid when he Li p ,
Yhen the habeas corpus was suspended, he thing about him. I then .came t.nf in a card
flew into abject despair supfcndedhimself i over "oi wgiiature and gave J. F. WVl
- , . , , j- F-ter of Cnathara coimtv, and a iacui'er of the
having announced beforehand, that"peiecu- . 48f) asevideuco th.tV such rt-,n;rk was
lion qqd military ?eFpotism" Would be the j made by tlis Governor. N--w as I have re
order of the day. The ti ne ' for the oper- 'turned to the reproenf, I wi'l give fhe. Pro
atioh of the act is nearly out, and & a!'d ""' generally,
, ,
not sn innocent man has suffered
The people are braver than Mr. 'Ilolden
takes them. Tbey. are not eu3ily panic stricken.
They know that Danton as M". Ilolden con
siders u.f to be, wo have no power to oppress
anybody. The law will take its cour:-e, and
the guilty have cause to fear ; but ismoceut
men in North Caioiiua ate safe uud'.r its pro.
Section.
In the matter of the secret tory society, wa
have done nothing more than a good citizen
ought to have done expess it We never
employed any one to aid us ; but we received
iti formation and used it for the public bent-fit.
When Ilolden availed the know nothings, be
did fiercety. lie said it', was Ian viable he
said it was right, to go into it, for the pur
pose of exposing it ; and when be abuses us
for exp- sittg a p?cret criminal organizttion,
he writes his o.vn idiame, for he denounces Ins
own teachings, and at tbe same discloses Ids
affilRitit n with this tory league.
Masonry. .
The declar.on publicly marie by Mr. B.
F. Sfeore, before his honor Julyc Sauudnrs,
that the "Tory League" is no more than
Masonry, as also the article in the Progress,
which looks like the production of Mr. Moore
of Mr. Ilolden, 'or both, devolves upon tho
members of tbe Masonic order to lid them
selves of this oiiicus comparison, by public
resolves in tjieir lodges, aud by an exposition
clear and indisputable, of the points of dif
ference 1 etwesn them and any organization
at all criminal iu its object or meant;.
The v rher is not a Mason, but ho urder
standit to be a society for the j-romulgaiion
of christian faith, the promotion of virtue,
the enlargement of charity arid benevolence,
and for tlie uisc:ninatiou of good "works.
That i t h obligations of membership are in
confivnnity with and in strict, subordination
to the Uw5 of the laud. We understand
Masinry to be intimately- connected vith
loyalty, and that a worthy acn-pted Maon is,
ex vi termini, a true and faith hi! citizen.
To associate it with this cowardly sect,
established in secret, to communicate with the
enemy, and to sell its country, is to offer a
wanton iosult to Masonry , wherever they "may
be.
P. S- The Senior learns from the Junior
Eli tor, who ia a . Master Mason, that the
above representation of tho obligations, purpo
ses and practical operations of the Order, are
correctly stated, and that the accusation
is false and slanderous, that th&re is any mu
tual obligation or requirement, to screen a
brother Mason from detection and punish
ment, who should bs guilty of anything mil
itating agaipst the laws or government of the
country in which be lives. And further, tlut
every true Mason cannot but feel justly indig
nant at the attempt to assimilate the Order of
Masonry with thii conspiracy against the
Government under which he iive3.
A Bad Invenstmetst. Quite a stir ap
pears to have ben m.nde in Harnett county
by the. receipt at the Post OfSce at Barclay
ville of two packages of ''N. C. Standard
Extra, Raleigh, N. C, July 12, 1864," each
package containing five copies thereof, each
copy containing p.n address to Mr. Holden's
"FelloiVCitiznj.,' and 40 Tickets for W. W.
Ilolden for Governor. The packages were
addressed, in the fair hand-writting cf some
one about the Standard office, to ''Joha
Deane, Barclayville, N. C," and " David
Tucker, Barc'aysville, N. C." hothfree midai
toes, and one of them a minor at 4 hat! On
the packages the postage was paid. So that
Mr. Holden is minus 10 Circulars, 400 Hol
den Tickets, and 10 ceots in cash. Rather an
unprofitable investment ! We have received
two letters from gentlemen at Barclay ville,
enclosing tbe. covers of the packages and
copies of the Extra. One of these letter
says that Mr. Holden will have to come and
. read bis Extra to his "colored brethren," as
they cannot read. But he don't think the
accommodations in that section would be very
agreeable to Mr. Holden. .
' We suppose Mr. Holden has been fooled as
to the color of John Deane and David Tucker;
but the thought arises, does he send five
extras and 200- tickets to each of his subscri
bers? Snppose he has 8.000 subscriber:
40.0Q0 Extras and 1,600,000 Tickets!! Mr.
Holden must fancy that he is running for tbe
Presidency. We bow Tanderstand what he
meant by his injunction to his friends to
' vote, Tote, vote". FayeiteviUe Observer.
The. Progress Witness. ,
- A short tirac since the Progress introduced a j
witness, to prove that Governor Vance did jnake I
use of word3 "fight till beirfreezes aver,"
and wbo tnJa Iie heard him. Now it turns out
t9 - 1 tbo fellow 18 deserter has not been with !
t i - . . . .
his company tince last October, and that he i
a . n a. m -m m I
was uwi jr:tcm, even, wnen uevernor rcaae
his f pec-ch before Ccoks brigade, as he alleges.
Let the Progress read the following certificate
fmt-. tila- Iflllnn'a 1'. CT 1 I
1 1,- i j, - 4 ,f . I
think even rt will rcmiiate bij own w tr.ps. t
think even he will rcruiii
Is tbig a 5nccilKei,of tlie ,
ff anJ niari? Wc
witnesses of tha Vo- !
ana Aianaara va dn itnnt if m -.m
a Tery. fuir gpecimcn. R.ad the follows -
sockdolo3tr : "
P.iTTr.r.r.vV . riP ,:.. !
July Uth, ISti-i.
Messrs. Editors : A few ve-ks agi a ' 1
Rrticli aPPfart''1 5,1 the daily Progress, cihirg-
in Gov. ance with rrhviag in his sreech to i
Cook's brigade hist winter; mada u; of tl.e
denied' that sr-me week r two ago through the
gress a mcinmg er tv o afterwards gave VV.
A. Hauser from Fursytho county, a member
meoir.. . i.. nign nj rcxptciaoie gn-
a
i.i..,u !,., ti-o .i;f. n ......
an idea ot the character ot the man who was
sick and wounded in the lirspital nt Raleigh,
and wbo wis present aqd heard Gov. Vance
make use of the expression alluded to and as
Mr. Pennington a-ked the jury to hear .him,
I will now by your permis.in, gsntbmcjj of
the jury, introduce Lt. II. N. CJl.it t v, com
manding Co. K, 48 h N. C. T., of hich W. A.
Hauser is a member, who has fa; niched nio
the following certificate :
Battle field near Petehsburg Va.,
July 14th. 1804.
Certificate as to the chsracier of W. A.
Hauser of Forsythc county.
I hereby certify that V. A. H inder of For-
j T in March 1862, that Le remainerAvith tie
company until the latter part of the foi'jwir.g
May, when bo deserted, and was brought.
back to vs company guard about
the fourth of July of the same year.
V? by tho h'i.h I'.oy of his ' C-donc-, re
leased from ane.t aod assigned, to duty
with hi? company. In October following he
w-s fnrl.vtighcd home for thirty days over
stayed his time and was again brought .back
fb his r'imcnt uneler guard tl;e ia'.u-r pirt of
April 3803. He was with the regimeut un
til the 14 th of October 18G3, und was re period
wounded jn the fight at Brist-ow Station ui
that day since that time 1 hive had no pos
itive information '.as to hi a whereabouts up to
this date, (July 14th 1G4.) except: a no-ice of
his discharge from tho hospital in Raleigh
abe-ot the first of last June. He is reported
absent withont' leave, and ba: beari so report
ed for several months. Ha was a f-ih.iw de
serter, and bosom friend of T- V. Dial, who
was shot last wit t.r for desertion.
H. N. OHITTY,
' 1st Lt Cnmmd'- Co. K,"4Sth N. C T,
P. S. Any inforM-iation as to the where
abouts of W A. liii;?."r, from any source
whatever, will rot. ow'y Jo thankfully re
ceived, but in addition t that, $$Z0 new jssue
O n federate money will be paid for his aires' or
confioemrr?!: i:i miii'ry prison or county jiii,
so that he car: he i;r.!riJod to his company.
II. N CniTTT, L. CmmdV.
Now ge ntlem,n of the jury after I have
proven the character of tbe Progress, principal
witns.. (he must bavebc.?n his best for the
other or.e quoted in Iho-K-ime paper was afraid
to ivo his name ieist I o should suffer puuish
tjiant after ho re turroo to ids regiment,) I
asl?. is it nrce.-sarv fv ire to bring in further
testimony ?
Notie3 if
yr.u please thfit Mr.
II a user says h&?eord the (jovf-rn.r's sech
which was ma le ori the 29 th of March,
18G4, although he lefc the te-jiment the 14th
of October 1863, ai d was r.of heard from un
til the 1st of June 1861, w hen notice of his
discharge from the hospital ia Raleigh was
received, and that is the place where he gave
in his evidence.
Here T will holdup lor a d.y or two, whoa
I will write again, ad ;ive you further evi
dence, if you think it necessary." Please ask
the Conservative to copy this letter, and re
quest the' Progress and 'Standard to do the
same, as a special favor.
Yours isspectfully.
II. W. AYER,
Co. C, 48ihN. C. T.
More Deserters for Witnesses.
A gentleman in Stokes county, .whom wo
know well, and know to be a gentleman of
undoubted integrity and boner,-writes us as
follows :
" I understand tat a soldier by the name
of Lewis communicated to tho . Progress, a
short tirne since that Gov. Vance'. Would get
only three votes iu his. neighborhood. Now
whois this manjv is? He has bosn a de
serter his father concealed deserters, and he
has two stout, full-grown sons, who claim ex
emption from service by pretending to be,un
dtr 17 years cf age.
" The Lewis' have been bitter in their op
position to the Confederacy affect great hor
ror for Southern military despotism but seem
to be willing to submit with great cheerful
ness to northern military despotism. He is a
great supporter of IloUien, and I understand
that red tape is in great demand in his family
" I have seen a worthy and reliable gentle
man from the neighborhood of tbis fellow,
who states that Gov. Y$yce will get every
vote rn the immediate neighborhood, except
four, viz: James Li-vis, Tyre Carter, (both
disloyal men,) David Young and G. L Lewis,,
who wrote to ihe Progress and lias been a de
serter from his company since February last."
- Now how dees the Progress like the picture
of this other witness ? We have shown two
of them to be deserters and another pet a
harborer of deserters L These are samples
fair samples all of a piece of the witnesses
he is producing to gull and deceive the people.
Will he new tell his readers the true character
of his witnesses ? No, indeed.
Kirk Reported Captuked. The Salis
bury Watchman sajs tbat Kirk, tbe Morgan
ton raider, i;23 been captured by some of
Morgan's met.
TIT L" T f "I 1 A T" ITT
REPORTS CF THE PKIISS ASSOCIATION.
From Pctersbarsr.
PETETtSBUKG, July 21. -There i r.o truth in
tbern.To: that th. Yankees are, M Jicuatirc tteir
.poiiti.n in oar troiit. ya tii contrary, thvy are
ehorirg theaiselres in largsr force tkaa utijal,
and are unremittingly active Jin etrergthecicf
their lines and mounting csr juris. L-ss artiiJc
rr Crinr to-day thaa usual, and little or co- ekir
Kiishinff. Arrrvr.I cTFisg of Truce Kant.
fclCHy OXD, July 21. A a is of truce boat ar
rived at Vniaa last nuht, bringing t?n citizen
pj isnn-r-, ive ladict aad a birg aait. !? papers
lscrived' uj toSVclock, p. m.
From Georgia.
ATLA.XTA, July, 10. The enemy Kids ?trosg
lerarnstration3 yesterday and this murripff on oar
rijr'jt tnwardj Decatur. Gsa. Hood attacked
their right at four this afternoon, oa Peach Tree
Creek, n-ar the Chatt j!rovhoc, and H five tnin
ut?s tho enemy were drivea into their works..
The colors of the 33J Xerr Jrvy, and elvmt three
hundred prifOBvrs, were capturtd f.oia IIookrr
e-Tps. Oar lc:s not heAvv; coet!v elihtlv
wounded.
Brigadier GeserAl Siorcnr, rf Soutt Carolina,
vr."s ivoauded, it is feared morta'.ly, and Maj.r
Uincral Preston, formerly of General Jhnst'Mi'i
staff, killed. Seme skirmishing oc.urrcd on onr
right where the enemy attacked cur entrcrcb
.etits. Afti bein,:" rtpu"?d. our cav.iiry, under
tjeneral IVbeelcr, drv the:a with repeated char
ges towards Dee;itar. Yesterday cvcr.ja Rejn
oUs' Arkans-is l-rigide, w.i;h ero.-sd Peach
Tree creek, drove them back, tt'iing two rtaa of
cJora and .;ip hundred ard fifty pus-: net?. Tho
tro;ps arc in ur.c f i.i:itio-c;ht.
Fron: Pctvrsbur:.
PSTESS3UKG, July 22. Brirk artillery fir
ing was kj.t un all last niht. There also rapid
lausketry skir mishirg this morning, but it e con
raised and at noon there tvas almrst prrfect quiet
along the lint-?. The tcemy brought serin- new
and very heavy moitara into aetio?i l.ict night.
Our losses vere veiy few from ths whole n'gLt
Frota.Uiciiinond.
KICHM0ND, July 22.--The JJ ihir-ers G-zt 1
cf yesterday L is been received,' but cantaias n'.th
ingof int'er-si froui G'-xut or Sheruan. The fur
rar has bt-.ii expecting a gcaral uttack. and
lrepar.itlans Lave bee:: m-vl-i to mctt it.
A iele?rj:a froia IIarri?:;urg pay? Crook ever- J
took Ihe raiders at Sntekei'o G,p difaatis ihtiw '
end capturing tliree hundred vrnns'. The Ga-S
ze'ue ??ys there ie no c-cSnaation of this st-.iiy
fro-u Weshlngtor:..
Gea. Sur.tli claims a Tictdi y over Lee in
Hppi.
Hunter has a.ckcd to ba relieved from th com-'
mar.d Of the I)?partr.ient of West Virginia, bis
troops having been transferred to tha comniand
of Wright.
1 is rumored that Stanton has lesijriied, ia
consequence of a quarrel with Bliir.
i'Vlling to obtain a -lean in Now York, Fcssen
efea proposes to issue inter?t-beariaw notes to
run three year?. Gold closed at 2G2g.
Tram the Valley of Ta.
RICHMOND, July 22. Nothing additional has j
been recewd frm tho' valley shice Waduesday's
report. We captured fonr unns and eiht han-th-dd
pridoiiers ia tLo fight at Saiekir';.
From Uie Tiortn anil Ewrope.
RtCIIMOSD, July 22. Dates br dg of truce
to the IS th. Another boat is exp?ctd at Varica
vxi yesk. The Examiner received J the New
York Herald at a Jate hour last night. Go'd
c'osed on the 18th at 1tlY. Th Iltruld sare the
negotiation of Fessecden with the backs provod a i
"barren result, and the prospect locks badly fur
t
the Treasury department.
Tho rumor 'of Gr jut's death is uifoindJ. ,
Lincoln has issued a proclamation . cilli:- fer
f?ve hundred thousand men, and if ret. ror?,.rnu
ing irithia 2:t tayK, irafi wji! bo enforee i to
r ipply ali di ficiericins. Tha oM says tho j-rtc-lauaatioa
has eorne loo lat.
European adyiees are to the fnh. D'Israell
rnova.1 a rerolution expressing a want of conG-'lsncc
in tho ministry. Lord VIiilmi.bury will mov-i a
fimlUr resjlution in the 4Ious? af Lords. Th J
debate in the II. use of Commons was pesiponsd
p ftcr long speech by Cobdcn and others. Ameri
can cotton a quarter to a talf peny higher.
Iireadstafia advanced.
SKCOXD DrSPATCH.
RICHMOND, Jaly 22d.-i:arrpcan advices to
tho ICtb lecived. In tbe Ifouse of Commons on
.the Tth, the debate on d'lsracli'! xr.otion of censure
was resumed, ar.d a fierce party debate ensued.
Layard was severely denounc d. D'Israe!!' ar
gument charged him with having garbled Parlia
lceritiiry papers.
Hardy indignantly replied ar.d said thstt Lcy
ard's statetnept was csluir.inocs. This word
wai c-bjecfed'to; PaIra?r.'ton argued that it was not
permissible. A turbulent &cne ensued, the wkele
Oi postion side defendieg the rerntrk. Aftr an
apolcgy freni Layard, the .debuts prececded. At
tbe close, "Mr. Hennesy, amid greaf. cheerio, rs
m:nd.?d the House that Palmcrstoij applied the
wcrd calutiiineus k) Layari a fw ye-rs ige. The
fpcaker tfcec rn.ed the expreKslon in erdr.
Tbo dcbite was renewed on the 8th, amidst
great excitement. The speakers were Osborne
Walnole, Paimerston and u'lsratli. A division
resulted in a majority cf eighteen sgaiest tbe rco
tion. Overwhelming- cheering from the mitig
terial side greeted the annouDeemect.
On the' came evening in the House of Lord,
Malmsbury meted a resolution timilr to d'lsra-
eli'f, and denounced the foreign policy cf ths
Gorerjiuient. Derby was absent frda sickness.
After several speeches, the motion was sustained
by nine majority.
The Danish jilinistry have resijpaed.
Confederate loan adranced and quoted at 70.
GLORIOUS SEWS FROM GEORGIA.
ATL1XTA, Jcly 22. Afcouttwo o'clack, ts
etetiug, the eaemy attacked aor left uadtr Stu
art, with great vigor, and were received with a
galling fira frem both artillery and infaatry,
which caused them to falter.
When the order was gives ta charga, our troaps
left their breaslworks and charged with great gal
lantry, driving tha enemy from two lines of their
entrenchments, iaflicting immense slaughter, and
capturing a large nutaVer af prisoners and twenty
pieee of artillery.
Among their killed, ara Gan. McPharadn, that
through tbe heart, Brig. Gen. Giles A. Smith,
and yaokee Gen. Hood. Gen. Grcsham lost a leg.
Gen. Hardee having passed and routed the
enemy's flank, is now ia their rear doing great ex
ecation. "The fightius; still continues.
Ofdclal Front Ccc. Hoed.
RICHMOND, JnW 23 The fu!i,.irg was n
ived ut tie War Ikr&Tttncnt o-Jy:
Jlr.ADQrARTEr.s, Atla-xt., July 2?, IP, p. n.
T Jloa. Ferret ry of Wr: TIp array thU&
it portion, f ootlrg cn IVtch Tire, last nl,-bt.
toarfiiund CVeatLpai'f carpx frmcd in Hr.e f
bstt! :ot:r.J rbf ci7y-. Asilc't corps mad
niht march and sllacktd il trttij'si turrm
left today itou or.p V!ock. lie drv loin f i
kl , v crka. erf turlr g ?'s?cc n j'li-rp tf ar-.iMtry
and fire taad tf ckr.'.
Chcuham attacked th rrx-.r, raytmirg.
piJCvM f artillery da-ir.,; th rserkt. V
Lave captured :! i t two thoatnd t'w.iv s.
. WJ!f(
csvklrv nut;d th fiKT iy th
EiiCtolhciriJ of Tctttur to aay, csptarirg ki .
caxp.
Our rot fully sccrtait.cl Mjrr 0-.
Walker kilUd. r.iig. Grr. So it Is. Gift sad
Mrf.f weui-did. Ii i.-r.e-s rrycit Vrr!irrt
kil'cd. Our trcp- f;wekt r.iihgrft gI!r.tr r
(Signed,) J. R. IIOOD. Ctn,
La!cr Vria Cr:,r!a.
ATLANTA, Jn'v 2.t.-G rn V'l rlcr laht rre.
c7 attseked the enemy's- Ift't ic tbe r!Vboi.
hood rf D -catnr, ("riTirj- them, rar'ut ing fiv
hundred wagAns, with sr.p li? f, j d a Itire t.nm.
b,r of prisone s. II? ;s ti'l pursuir? thnV
Tiere was vcrv 1 fie Hghting sftrr dark rester
Jay. lwoth&n?nud rrisner, incluiirg svcrtV
f.ve corr.nvrsiered of!cers,' Iwerty five pces rr
. artillvy, end scr.'n st?r.d of cdrs hr been "
brought in. Loss -e K!i-r si !r not yet tnswn.
Our Ios was severe in o!::ers. Comparatively
quiet re'jrrs this ur.rni. sorr. liltle skirn uhipf
r. oarlt fr.
From Irto .forth.
MCIIMOND, Jly 24. The Wa.hiPjrt.n eor
respnndent of t' e Herald says tint Stantrn and
Dlair have r,t b.-.n on pakinr terms. Cor some
time past, filair ?inc th rai l chtrged Stanton
a;id Ibilif ck with :ncotnpetei.f v, h was so aba
ive thst Halleek ST.t a renorMrnnco to I.iseoln.
How the rantt?r wiU'rnd is nut kr.o-.vn, but it i
beli-ved that Ktir.ton nil! resign.
A corrcsrotd. Tit of the Tribune sirs that Ln
r'o. in a private corrp-sion focn;r.ixd afl tho
demerits of d'.ssjtisfaction hich the new caU fi"
troops would pnd.ue, 1 i.t ttstcd v. t emphati
cally tbat tVe nun rru-t be Hd, stould he fail, ha
wtuld go down with ola?s fly'-f.
ecoj nisi'Aieu ."j
RICJPJOXP, July 2t;-Thc Rf lt!:.v.f Caxa;
of the2:! uns received to-riht. Tlu' eorres
por.dtce of Clay of Wa. Hcb (?;.!.. of Va. and
Go. X. .-".irders with (Jee'y i t. r. fe:er'- (o r.cv
u puV-li!i-d, tho former a.kvd a r' c"Tid."t ti
W8iiii.s (troi-ly ap;:Il.'d to I-in?ili. who pen
the d-)t ui-.' uts, sjtvii brv. ouhl ccmtit'ir peace
proposition based on th integrity of ihefnioa.
th" rVar.d ' TiMnt rf slavery Slc.
Z"ir.y ri u lli.eumle, cr.c'. i'.rz tlt-r letters ta
Crly, T'i,c!'.?d tbe conditions repo;:d ty L!n
Cv'n.gi Vrjin fi?nfnl IlooAV. Armj.
RICILVOyi). Jolv 2:.-.!i cCcial i:;p Uoh
from General Hee l, d.jted the r?rJ, ssyj, in rl-e
er j:i'ii;r:it on the 22nd, c'htcu r'?r.d f f coh r
v crc cp';rcd instead of f.vc, and tl i.-tetn furs
i.istcad of twenty two, a? prvioay ritwrti J.
Ierccr was r ot wouii 'ed.
Ar.ather ulspa'c-b, dat.d the 24th? pys All
quiet exevpt a 1'tdv picket fi.-i.:;. Occa.icn;J!y
shells .ro thro-irn into tin, city.
Frcxa ficc-rtila.
ATLANTA. July 2.". Cnt:nuoa ti. a lshiog
for tht pavt two d.iyis.
Many sl-.ells have b-en thrown fron the cherry's
battiprio. a frw of rhuh linve fallen in the city .
A fv".v Lf.u have been ?ttuk, but c nteril
d:ns .zi been done. Tho enemy's rxr e
1 .ft i !ide -i i'd to jrain poss-.-ssh-n f a ( of:irmr.o
iop: eminrrco letTveen their lir:rs and ur, tt-.t
v. , rcui.-ea by 1h. lllh Tv.as r.'-i -r t tit AM
qcist thii :!i-.rning.
Fro?n Ike or!:.
RI'JHMtlN'D, Jalv 2...-Tin Uaiti.rore
says: Li : r r. !vir s f; om Sii;ouri ore anting .
('uerriil's ;.f. iccreif 'n to aa urrrfefVrited
ext'tit. It i3 cow C!.:.f:u.r.Mr nrerai'.id that
Cflv thous:.rd men t:r.d-i ('el'. Piis e Iiave r.tre
tho State. , Tho suthoritk-s set m tlar i.tl tj. the
aspect of allirs. They rre r ot ia a coi.diti';u li
met! tha usercLcy with adtqeate material.
AcTdillonsl Norlhcrn !fnrs.
RICHMOND, July 3 Sandoii' letter to Gree
ly, dated Clifton Htce, July 12th, nque fs a sifa
conduct to Washington, of Clay, I.,"'.cr.nheand
himself. Greely's reply of tha liih, rnderstsnd.
ing they v re bearers of proposition fr' :u Kich-m.iiid,-tendered
them p stfc condact from Lin-,
co'c. TL"i r?pii.d that thty were uol aecrediud
with euth i .o-pdsitiGus, but Alt .uthv: ii-.d totle
cl'ifct'nat if the circuuHaacts lt'.',3u in tbe
ccrrcspt.-.d' lcs: avr crai..ui::cited t Iti'huoad,
ihvy would bs vested with fu'.l powers.
Grctlj tejf(rd withLincolr), v,hos?it
a documtnt, utlarir that any prc-'tion eui
bracicg the itp tot alien of ptace, tJe i-.it;giity of
the wkol-.i Ur.i;n aod t ko al ardur.u.ett cf s'arery,
coaj'u.g froiniLe authuriji.-s thut c-r t r..l the it
iuis now at war agsintt the United Mates, will
be received ai d conti -h red by 1 1; a Kxtrtitrre cf
the Gove: ntr est of tbe United J"'tst-s, rnd tha
L?a,rers would hava h de C":iiiet loth was.
Clay and liwl mLc replid to Gret-Iy ci. the 2ist,
t'sat a t.-nder of a safe cocduct to Wnshiogton,
on the h potheifls thst tbey wero tbe accredited
bearers of pcac propositions, was accepted as aa
evidence of a change of policy ou the part of
Lincoln, but C'juUI not-cUiiu tha benefit of a safe
conduct in a character they bJ nought to assume,
but were corinc.d tkat lbs Pre;id ot of tha
Confederate tea would give the requuite au
thority. Instead of a sifa cotduet the document
presented, whie h provokce as much indignation
as surprise, precludes the negotiating, and pre
scribes in adTaacc'the terma and "condition of
peace, for which they have no use. They could
njjt transmit the paper to the President of tne
jTWntederate States witLct diibonerirg them
selves, and cflerirg an ir.dignity that would iccar
the scorn of their countrymen.
- Greely-says in bij paper, that the only ptt ta
kon by bins in the recent correspondence,' rclatesl
solely to bring! rc the sntagomuts face to face,
with a view to initiating aa earnest eCort far
peace, to be prescuted at Waahington.
The gwicral tone of. tbis inforaal article is, that
the paciCcation of ourcountry is neither to diffi
cult nor so distant as seems generally supposed.
A gentleman j at from Ibe Tran-Misis-tippi
department, rays one of cur Southern
exchanges, sUtcs that .tbe. Yat.kcei bad "cvac
uated Little Rock, and tbat Trice was goin
'it to M.fs' uii.