THE CONFEDERATE.
THE CONFEDERATE.
ADVERTISING.
ADVERTISEMENTS will be inserted t wfr.ru
iv.llaks per square of ten lir.es (or let) lor each
insertion, &!arriae notices acd obituaiic will Lo
chared aa hdxwtumaitn:.
JOB-WORK:
J'JU WORK of eTcrr dcci iotioa will be .x
ceaUd at this Office with dipatch, acd as neatly
us eo be done anywhere in tbti Sunthern Con
A. 31. GOirdVN t CO., Proprietors.
DAILY EDITION, fur 8 months
3 " ...
.$15
... 9
sH2
a ti i .. 3
Tkl-W EI'fvLY, for 6 months. . 10
. 3 5
WEhKLV EDITION, for C month? 5 I
No sao-erktioriS will be receive! on any other j
tortus thau tli? above, "or for a. !org-?r or rbort-.-r j
p ! 1.-!. ,
VOL. 1.
RALEIGH, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 17, 1864.
NO. 29.
W .fcs mm it
I
hi
(i
1
i
I
What Next :
V.'c rioni'rvl i;; our 'ast t"rc.-ify iuptance-s
r f ; e Utions sp?;.ki: a:.u wrkn ;. About a
year ago, altc. the suvrrsd cUi-ters at Oft-
tsbar, Yic.kbur and Port Hudson, whe'.,
ur cause was in tho depth of storm aed-il
country in inn strain of a dr-ad crisis, a body
of men in North Carolina 5"i;e iv.fiuere?d i
l.y cowatdk'-, oilers by ambition and prefer- j
.:.(.. !' r tlie i-.:?se f the etj-iny, and a third j
incon.v.deratr politicians airnir 2 at party j
jatoeesF'-S :f,t thetnse' Ves to work to ajjit.lte j
this State, ilf.vfti:.? were gotten up in the
proj.o-ed intersvt of pe.ice,' mit man' of them
became the -xu-t.ents 'o; outrageous dis-
loyal .scriti:s:c nt.-, full of sedition. IV -minent j
papeis ot t:n Mate, fulminated acMi.-ations.
against to ovc-rr.nicn, uttered threats, invi- j
t o I re.-it.o;c c, a d by a -i c lies rf pcrniei'.:ts J
pubiidth r.s stiirrd ii l popuhr mind- to a j
i'uiy cf (1 !.. jit nt il1 insuh.rdirstion. j
The. r :;o my pietnies were dtawn ; all j
the Uatk c-!'! w re pah.ttd ; ieiy tneasrure j
of ruTt-rr.riici t f j oci ; r.d thtse ti ii.s j
I,a l th"ir ?;':;.:. (i.rs-'idicrsf Ivcnriie un- j
haj i-y, i.'tfpi r .d i;:.t ami !i-siitiffi:d, anK in !
?arj:o l oi :T(ti. Onr euemita took j
i.( i t at.d '.vh.ertHfi die al r.iidoj.niMit of their'
1 l
up:.ti Hi this Sinte had hcn is-cusbed
i r?c f .n hi. !!c, k'HjiIujg journals ainotg
i'i t-ia. r'-j-uhii; -hid f;om ti p colunii;S of the
-i Luc, dit. iri..i i:ecos v have !
i
a lu-ii-d t. at.d aipel.-d to their overiwi ent j
i !;at'.' r ii.va.ion North Carolina, rather I
than hei r.'o-.i-d n.cnt. ar.-i tlx iiiovtmcnts of
thf. t-.k-rny v i'nin uur hoidvrs h:ve heeii ai:i- '
Xiiatetl by 'he c-tidoct of i;mc of our owi
c'.'Az- i;s!, it they th instlv es are to bt1 hr
ii. vd. ' . i
Atid thf-i' ir.jurir.j!:- publications and j
fj . rents have n. t eeasrd, though the jde- I
u.f nt of i'..ni!e-u. nation upon tbem has befcu so ;
tiiioh.itic. Xot ciily h;ve these f Reels' been '
proiiu'.-cd v..'. he !irnjy, but d sertion has J
i;.cr.-a. , and tl.o harboring &f dM.rters, until i
p'un!erin.4, lohbir. and Kiurdcrii.-; have
bco rsi' i uii.i. a inridc-uts in D-any portions ot i
thetat'--. To- ro is mi ilk-h nt proof t- trace j
iht se c i..v' qu-n.e-5 t:ie drtio-;jj tfrcliing.s j
which v.v have i-iii' lc-ci t ", Ut rali.sfy any fair- j
n.ioih-ii jory. !
W hat is ti.n w rth ir, tlj? public, if it
pr..twt n ! against tho i! :-:Mt:t o-fiendc-rs ?
Win : f ri' ioii'Ct !ior :.io;i. wh u a tno
1
inciit ofpis.diti strike each ollit-r, and hue;
t lit m ti.; .- u nr o;y e.ss tio i" tiUtdl lots of
"TM.;, 1 fall ui.der the hammer at ex.f-a uioi: I
sa'u s. !i.d p'.-r:-ii; outrK2t,Hs crimes auectig !
t t- M.vii! i-i i;-.niz3ti.n and prolonging and a:l- :
din ; r the i. rrt-;s f war, to go iinhipc of
jii-iiee? Why he h'uie-.it to tltr powerful acd '
d in-- vu- tt ro'ii !, and r.dcnt'cs .sgains.1: ;
those who c. !;,rjt p. tty vio?atior-s of the :
law 2
The r-in-iiy " for to-- evils is VRriuu6? b:it .
M-v. I'tshhe r iittu.ti.t : a rowti fi.l xzvnt
r ti:-ir i . rit ti .a. Wo do n it r.jt-ii t:ie i
t-rco "i a tct.b, w tie: est the lawit s as- !
i pti-.n of power by the violent ai d iil-dis- '
p r d li'.t a j-:-1 pi't-.K- sei.umont. conecu- !
tr.o-. u uvv ii ic.i.! p.-rpo acd determined :
to vt!' ct it, has the f ie ot law and is clad
wiili the pan- piy ot justice.
I'.Rt thrt I.c.:is!aHire ?!.v.can do mu.h. ll
can reuse txc motion lrem u-.t'i-ary r-errice to
p-niular asvs, which would otherwise fall i
into a liars, aid obtair.it. 'iht-vea.u drive!
tut 1 1 'thiir body dbhyai men who have tb-
tainid rhcti ri. and ttioy can pass laws ma-j
'italic hour-ilary hiie bttwteii civil liberty j
;o i'. iet rui: arc "iKense, s . as to s;-eure the use j
. i iicd. ;u by j reverting its abuse. '
I'orrers an and oulit to exp'l from its j
in'.d-l any member ta wh -'in can be traced!
the uttr-.ac, t- .f chdoyai opirdous, the advoca- j
iv ii f-o.o p; i p ..-'.tu ns, ana mo prosecution
oi' mj.-.rk-us iio i redi'dous imitation.
i.i - .... ? t. . i
. i.R viih' i ii'T o i i:.is? rotate Las now j
men in :;s potr. ine peopc have come
to hi ic-cac witb txtr.i.rtii:;ary unanimity,
and. i.t- c..lL.-j :rc in a piedii o soppL.rt
wi isc i r'c 1: ( siiniib'e.
Am- i" ti, t-i.iff of thi agitators are many
.f.Lrs in. mf.itary position vf his own ap
pv -. inierit liiiuyof whom are liable to be
c -.-n ripte.:, nr.!;s he pu;? iu his. certificate
thit thiv aie needed as Sta'.- oyicers. Thh
embraces especialiy j'-sikes of the peace and
mi itia ar.d horn-g-nrd ofiict-rs. We bv no
lo.u s arc t be un tert.rd that tli3 Gover
r.ov i to retu-e his ceitiucatw for the reason of
p. ;iic. i j p -sitiou to bin?. But we mean to
My, d as y jt.sii -r f tt.o f ac.-, cr any other I
t filet-r i-fSwtte, hj.s j dned tt.e tory society. t
has and i.o foreswear his allegiance by the j
. tiftrai.ee t..r writing of disk-yal scntimeut
e avu'a'e t to w,ur,.i and injure the cause oi
-t;..:tiic, it i then the duty of the Gov
tfri.cr to endorse on t!;e Cunscripti j;i paper th
i--:s n for his refusal to claim that individual
-fd -er ; and it is the duty of conscript officers
to er.rcl all such persons a they are sat;tfied
arc ui-!oyal and are d.-iug damage, so as to
brii the Hiatter before the Govo-rner. The
am y is a capital school for the inculcation cf
kv.il kf !inr.
'Ve press this subject, because of its im
men?e "uhportanca. We are saved in North
arolina ficrn scenes of dreadtul euactment
bv th- fortuitous success of our arms.. And
th !ov d people of the 8tae have a riht to
be s ifc fiom a u petition faf such daasersl
The Georgia Platform.
Gov. I!r:wn. ofO orii, having been iaffc!y
5aild by js-m- fel'ow who has been pryiog
v to his rivate afTairs, for the ipurp- se of
fclAtrh-ring him, rt plies in a. letter addressed
to the IUn. KicVard IT. Clarke, which has
been p;iliishe i in some of the Georgia paper?;
'Anv.ng other eharco-?, it wns alleged against
the Governor thit lie "purchased lands in
South-western Georgia, in some illegal lnan
r.rr, i-ut of she public fun-Is ;: and thereup'-n
the Governor lets out a history "of his private
nffdrs shows that he was -worth $25,000
ai'd inherited $2 0,00 more'by hia vifo and
children, which last, at 20 for one, was worth
$400,000 Confed. With part of this and 50,
000 borrowed monej-, he made thi purchases
a:irjd:-d . Tiie Governor deaios having
speeulaUd in necessaries, but admits that he
has bought arid sold other things, always en
devc:ir.g to make a profit He-savsthis is
nubcvly's bu-iness, and rather prides himself
on a ood iuuVen.ent, which enables him to
'know what to buy and when to sell at a
prod:."
This sr.rahing intrusion into lh Governor's
private business tia'iSacii'jns, is the introduc
tion into the Georgia of a plank from the
North Carolioa platform, which jecoguizes
and enjoins the propriety f a clandestine visit
tia j;euti:nau's kitchi-n, when' occasion may
require. Slanderous attacks of this charac-lei-Mierally
euanate from low character
thieve. themselves, or wouid be tiiieve? ai-d
Go'. Brown cannot hope to be free fiosu
them.
Wc have received ftom those enterprising
pub.h-heis, Mtssrs. Evans. & Cogswell, C
lurijbii, Sotith Carolina, a copy (, '"General
Orders liven the Adjutaot and Ir.sptctcr
General's orhec, Confedrratc States Aimy,
from January lt to Juue CO, 1801, inclusive,
prepared from files of hea-'q'ta: ters. Depart
ment ohJS-.uth Carolina, Georgia and Flt.n'a,
by B. C. Giichrist, aciin;j Judge Advocate
General. A!s;o, explanatory notes, and eut;h
deeiio!.s of the War P- p irsrr.er-t i s cou'cl he
cuilected, touchii g matters or general con
cern to the sen ice." This bovk is very neat
ly piinted. and will prove very acceptable to
oSiecrs of t'ne army. .
Manual or Miutakt Suruery, by Trof.
J. J-.dian Ghvhohn Third td'.rion. C.Iiiiti
l ia. S. C, E; i'z Cogsweii. We havt? been
kindly favo t d- w..i a copy of this useful work
by myd. Ir m ets .t i et e-sif y in the medical
pue -si- n v hi.jh i,as l-e n ru' ly felt by many
of the n.;eih?;'i en:h e.., v. : ?.Ye beu call
ed i'o'ii thiir uroirary !a -rs to the trying
dtairs if .-'m:iry m the fis an 1 in the h"S
pi'.als. With a !a:gc stt re of ir.stru. dion acd
Ci 'U T: G
I
too alii
or hnstoupltd practical il-
ations id great
value. Tic typographi-
cal cxt-circo.i oi ti.o v.i rK r not as weii jor ti.e
't
... , 1 i
tttcrp'tio.g firm, ironi wnose press it issues.
Exi'C-KTATI- N CF Gkc-KGIA WoMEN ST
SuKhMAN. Wc read with much doubt the
s!. Yemeni that Siieiiuan had ordered ail the
ii-corv niris at Il-aswcll to be torn from their
h'mes and sent north ; fiil fiom the inhu
manity of the act, and secondly, because we
could 5-ec no good object to bo accomplished
by it. It turns cut, however, to be true, as
will appear from the following despatch
wh-ch is copied in the Yankee papers:
Louisville, July 22. Another icstalinent
of fifty Confederate women, frcm Georgia, ar
rived here to-i.ijrht. Three hundred and
fifty more arp repotted at Nashville, and will
be forwarded here oa Tuesday u?xt. They
are to be seat out of the limits of the United
States.
j The Autocrat of Russii cr Sultan of Tur
j key, justly says ti.e Richmond. Seuiinel, never
pcipeu.iLtu a uioif inunmun act tnan tne
above on helpless women. V"hat is Ernest re-marka-ble,
the Paics, .white coautry worcea
have been torn inuu thtir homes, itii whols
villages transported to Sib?ria. are found iu
the Yankee armv, sustaining the perpetiaters
of such outraes.
-The Secret Sockty. .
The Charlotte Democrat is informed that one
of the members of mis society a Home Guard
ctMc(r was examined by a military board at.
Salisbury the ether day, and that he stated
that he considered it the duty of those who
belong to the society, to harbor acd protect ue
setters, if the deserters should happen to be
members cf the order!
It na b eu ascertained that tere are men
ia Charlotte and Concord who. are authorized
to initiate men into the treasonable ctucern.
SoIbieks Endowment Fund. Rev. Dr.
Dee ibs has given a full expose in the last
Deaf Mute Casket of the origin, progress
acd design of this Fund, tcgether with inter
esting reflections and facts. The subscrip
tions paid and ndpaid vp to 1st. July last,
amount to $345 004. Of this apaonnt $340,
504 is from North 'Carolina, Z.I 0 from Sourh
Carolina. $800 from Virginia. f:d 100 from
Xlarylaud. Buncombe is th b ariner C unty in
this State, having contributed $23,590 to the
Fund, t'a!! vxt, $22,200. and Mecklen
burg next. $17 215 According to the. plan,
tt;e County m witch eon tributes the lartyest
amt'.iit. will receive the 'arget amount of
benefit. RaUigh (Jhihlitm Advocate.
Mobile. - i
Notwithstandiu the uufavorablc and dej
jM- itto. ; ij-v. h icceive irota Alooiie, we
arc gMd to see frem gar exehaiMrfcri that the
opinion is genet:-. 1 that there is no reason to
fear any great disaster to onr arms in that
quarter. The Richmond Sentinel speaks
. thus of the eituation there :
MobiIf Bay nsts up from the Gulf, and is
thirty miles long, and, on ac average, is
twelve miles broad. It communicates with the
Gulf by two straits, one on each ide rf
Dauphiu Island. The ft rait on the west ride
wist not adu:t ve-sse's of more than fi-.-e Itet
draft; but that on the east tide, between, the
Island and Mobie Point, has eighteen feet
water, the. channel passing within a few yards
of the Point. There is a car across the Bay
near its upper end, which has only nine or
ten fret Water
Ti.e entrace to the haihor is defended by
For! 31organ. situated on a Ion":, low, sndy
point, at the mo"th of the bay, t.'driy miles
Le'ow the city, opposite Dauphin Island.
Seventem of the nemy's vesrtls hare suc
ceeded in p.issd.-g F"it MorgtMi, after an en
gagement, in v. hieh one of th YfiT-kee motd-Jo.-s
was tu..k. Before getting in shelling
distance of the city, the' ve.ssi.h-. will have to
pass -the bar at the head of the bay, besides
- encountering ebstiuctions in the channel and
passing detersive w'orks of great ttrength.
Wre invite attention to tfie following extract
fu ra the New York Times, July 25th. The
editor of t!fe Times lias mapped out Holdeu's
plan for a peace, and indulges a few retnaiks
on the subject which shed a flood of light oa
Iloldenism iu North Carolina. K; ad and
ponder.
''lIow.theB is. peace attainable ? In twe
waj s. By Separate btate action ia the SuutL-,
Oi- by c-tcp:est.
''Peace is to he attained by separate S ate
action through the power of the people. Wo
are now having a practical illustration of the
pioce&s in Nonh Carolina. A Govtruor is to
be elected in that State next month. Two
caudidates are before the ptopio : Governor
Yance-the present iLcumhnt, and W. C.
Hohien. The formsr of ttiese is an adherut
of the Ilici;rsond e?ov rirtiier;t. willieg to stand
by its fsjr tunes to the hist. Toe httt; is au
enemy of that Government, and is pledged ,
if elected, to e.ii a conv.erition to tcrer 'all
conucctiou with it. The !at accoista mik
it seem very probable thut n may he elected.
There are two trcini-tidons motives operating
to x;rolict tlds result. Fir-.i the vit.r: fdl
iui; condition of the "Confederacy," which i;
hecouiing evident, in spits of a;i tc'sr-prtv-eo-taltous.
Second the fcr, staring the people
o! North Carolina lull i, the face, that when
Lec- is driven from. Virginia h-i -will fall back
into their State, ar d, i.f once alhrwed a foot
hold there, will mnKe it the fame terrible
scne of des-olariou Vinjitiia now is. .The
on
Iv way to pvevent this
sover
1
convention f tire State to 5.smii'c, t d: cl-ire
the Stat 1 r-i ku;rer a member of the "LY:.-fedr-raf
," to call home rs triy or fit'v tho?s
aiMt 3 ;'uiiS to irotcet tNe Sr-;t. and 'o a- k
thf
I Govcriini'Dt to assist in that
worlc.
1 ids reqnc-fct would met with 'a
ready a: d i iii'.-ra! spirit. Gov. tioiden. if
so eiec-.d. Would huve but t-jutt.r tiu- iir-l
fylb.ibie td'sneh a si-licif ati'.-n to insnro fr-m
the Xoi t.in n pfople a spt ciai army of a huu
dieo ihou- !:id v- nnn f r.s. if th-'re wm? n'cd;
todff-.ed the old er-h Sla's fr -m -Confederate'''
li;vai.-,n. Novd-ern men wcuid
ifap to h-r deS vcrance, as U"otbcr h aps t-i tbe
rcscue of brother. Such action upon the part
of ..North Caro'ica would brit-yj-t-ut a show of
national to al will that would irake an h staat
end of t v?ry misco ceptin ana ill-fceiir.;r,
and would put U.v, Stale ba.k into the Union
with hardly an edoit. 'Every rpjpstion of dis
pute would meitto cot'hmg, every diincul.ty
wc.uld vai.ish. .What f ie pecple "of North
Carolina can new do easily, if thy hut will,
the people of any other Southern S: at: can do.
They simply have to quit th rebel fla-r, to be
haiitd as f"eitovv-t-nvmies fef the . Itk'hmc-tid
usurpation, aiid to he welcomed back as fel-low-eneniies
of the Richmond usurpation, and
to be welc med back as fellow-pat tners in all
our ecu r. tics national blessings'
:
Blockader Captured.
We ate in receiot of the fol'owiiv letter
from Capt. J. G. Hfster, who has been run
rdng the blockade r.r some time, out w ho was
captured off Charleston lat month :
U. S S. Massachusetts )
Off Norf. lk, Julv 14, 1804, J
Editors of d i.ftdtrdte : On the night of the
8th inst., while passing through the blockad
ing fleet t ft Chrsi kiiton, S. C, I was overhauled
by three U S. cruisers, viz: the AcasiaGuu
bcat. SvfT-etbriar and Azalia. 1 was first fired
at by a picket of musketry, but did r ot sur
render to them. They immediately gave sig
nal to tt-e above three vetsels. I steered my
course down along Beech channel and was
scon fired at by the Acasia, the shot passing
very Ltar the read ot my wife, who was very
composed atd taid " Cirptaiu. do not stp as
long as she floats ; " which determination I had
come to kng ago. However, I gae her a
rocket and told her to fire it as soon as she
thought there vra imminent danger. T had
eo socner done so than a shot from the Azalia
cut my halliards, causisg my srils to fall.
Theie being not lung but one sail standing I
was compelled to surrender to the scoundrels.
I am tew oil my way to Philadelphia with
all the crew on bord, including my wife.
Most Respectful! v, .
J. G. IIESTER.
"We have been requested, to publish th fol
lowing Tctes, although they are a little. he
hind time:
Sixth North Carolina Cavalry Vance 204,
Holder) 36.
Twelfth North Carolina regiment, unani
mous for Vance.
The vote rf Lincoln cour.ty, as published
vesttrdr-.y, was terribly widfc of the maik.
The types had it Vance 450, H Men 448;
-wber
?r-as it shield Lave bteuVauce 557, the wods, should they make their app-ar-dei
101. ' ance in that locality. Columbia Carolinian.
Letter from France. j
A friend has permitted ustu insert the fo!-;
lowing letter in ourcolutEns: j
C. S. Steamer Rappahakijocx:. i
Calais, France, JuntIZ, 1864. i
My Dear Brother : I embrace an 'om- j
portunity just fffer'pd. to write you. am oa
dutv cb this vessel , as executive rffi.-er r
nmr Iieutpnant. After waiting several
months for her amiwment ard necessary re-
jaur, !ui; in ihmj ittuy Ilir OTK. tfL
Alabama and reajsasre. is yet the princird
tode of interest,.ns both Englhh and Frerxh
lepers continue to write about and - publish
d-rails of the 'fight. From the extracts I
send, ymj disc -v?r thp Alabama was greatly
'overmatched, brjt fought .".s a matter of hon-
fir TTilvintF fulfil ind )(ir mi'iir.n in lririm I
h Yank "e commerco fronWhe seas, it .now re !
mained for her to isert hfr powers as a man (
of war, "to silence the cslumnius epithets of j
the Yankftfs, who insisted she was only a pi-1
rate. And. as she lived dashingly and hnor-!
rddy, phe die! tohly and de-perate!y. Capt.j
SemiBes keew that he must give her up in a '
f'-w da-, s on account of his health ; all of her .
officers wf re to be chanced and the vessel th I
refit ; bethought tht he who had made her !
what she was, could otdy risk ltnsj her in
such an nccqual cohtrtt. He was besought
not to fi'ht so superior a vessel; yet he deemed
it right nd honorable to do. so and as it
was ro ordered by Hie God of battles, lost b-r;
but the . Yankees have net a rope yarn, a
thread of bunting, nor a splinter f her, and
none of her cVewto take ho:no as the evidence
f their victory.
So badly was their vessel damaged, th.at
she was compelled to put into Cherbourg for
reiairs, and by the law of nations was com
pel ied to -sive up h?r p'isoBers when in a
f r-.-igu port. Whsn .the fifty or sixty men
were pt ahre at Ch'rbouV2 who w.r ns
cucd from the Alabama before she sunk, so
intense was their hatred to the yankcr. thy i
fell upon them "p-11 mell," and o furvs j
was their onset, that it r.tp.jired the whdc
poiics force ct that naval station to stop the j
right. ;
Every oi o ki"dsthe ofixv; s and crow of j
tbe AlHhama. JJinriers, anqu?t:;. testimoai
als, tt-.'.., fh'W in . rp-)-i tr,f ni in England iti
pr)feijJou, uud a!! h.onor the ship which' like
a 4 Phr.nbKn ship" ivch'e.I, h..i iv eaisd-i-
fid this wliols yankej navy, and who' had in,
an engajfemmit ot 13 minut'-s sent ot;e of j
their numbi;r h ih lo'toir:, superior in both !
menrbatiery ar-'d to;;arv. f
She died a glorious dt-atl;, and in lier last j
momeuts, "like a warrior rappinrj hi mar- j
tial- chak around him," and breathing his lust j
amid the smoke ar.-d r :.r of battle she sa'i.k i
wi.h her i3 -i tr w-aintr in th ha?nl of on of
hr devocru crrw, entombed hraelfiu Iter na
tive clcmc-at. so g-.-atly, so tscsfidly, iu snchH
prhct cccord wMh- he r past die, a s' to in-. press
ail K-h-.hicrs wiib f't'liiiys of Tiei pest sublim
ity So gtitiy .i-'i she si k fo rest, per. ono
o( hi-r crew we osw- p; d by the rnsbuijr,
wf.tprs ; hot ivttir 1-e: bow p? r point in to
leaven, liirf-ctijj I f.r 4--.j-c-vv iii her at mo
iro-rps w t -r- U) un- their tni.-:t in so y'ii-. u
a eatiSM. How n-t-hio: l.o'-v njc::t her ere w
fee! at the !oss of thf sh'p th.-y so mu-'ih 1 ?vfd.
u nr.
:l r.efeS tcti, I
en ao r-ut.-io ai j luvaor s !o-t.
Wyh b'-st wishes kr a i fii.-nd-, he assured i
cf tlie !ti.d?r I. vo of yc iiv br. tli; r.
f?. SHRYOCK. C. S N.
J cse 25th.
Y .1 auii a p; so i p. to pfiw vi. ii' jurorc j
tba now p.-etrtji in France,, caused by ti j
i ,.u - ....i.,...:. ... i. r ii. r. 1
sb em.
fiidit and the I ss d'.the "Alabama." In i
1 . . t li .... e . O 1 : t . I
Ho.S couiiii v ineio h...i ioiiij.iiy Ci y liii.f
symtthv for t s r-.ov,- fv rj one is aiivc and
x ited about n art our caus. As Sampson
slf v a.any prcpl- during his life, but none at
his death, so the "Alabama" actedn exc5.
ting admiration and sympathy. Could she be
reached wih safety, she would br? pu'led to
tucccs ar.d uisrribu'cd ver Europe in frag
ment. To-morro-- will be eight day since
she sunk, snd yet th;; "papers of to-day still,
contain, editorial?, learbrs correspondence,
clipping", &c, about her. She could not
have tjone our cause more good had she been
the victor instead of the vanquished. The ,
navy officers of Great Britain are raising a
fund to present a sword to Capt. Semmes as a
tckeu ot their appicciaticn of bis "daring
gallantry ai d patriotic a'or," to use their
own wonts. Subscriptions are limited to a
guinea (21 shillings) each, in order to allow a
great iiumfcer to subscribe. It will be a fu
pcrb article acd a proud professional endorse
ment of his caicer. At the same tin e tbe
Yankes have dsmned themselves in contict
ing to firer-n hr, woundir.g hrr cre-.v, ajs long
as she was in sight and after her colors were
lowered. The fight has aroused d scu.-sion
iinong "military ami naval critks too, and
many a r th refiections on the results of the
battle. It is now 'believed that no wo-den
vessels ate capable of w ithstandirg the etTict
of 11 inch shells and shot, or of the rilled 100
pounders cf the present day. Strace to say,
an S inch shell from the "Alabama" lodged
in the sternpost of the "Ker.-aje7' but did not
explode, bhe has it there yet and they are
afraid to remove it. Had it exploded during
the fight, the rudder, screw, and part of the
stern of the Kearsage would have been
blown away, and she would have gone flown,
stern first, in 10 or 15 minutes. But Provi
dence decreed otherwise.
Important to Countesfxitebs. Thotaaa
Marquaud, Wtlliarn Williams and Henry
Marquez found guilty of counterfeiting con
federate Treasury notes, were sentenced by
Judge Magratb, on Wednesday last, at Green
ville, S. C, to be hanged; at Columbia, the
former on the 16th September, the two latter
on the 23d.
Bushwha ckebs. A note from Walhalla
informs us that the vankees and bushwhack
ers have made a raici on Mnrphy, North Car
olina, aad neighborhood, stolen all the stock
acd plundered the bouses. The d citizens
of Walhalla owe it to themselves to organize .Vr
hurne defence as promptly as posih e. A
hutdred or two determined njountrd' men
might verv quickly w ipe.ont ihef hellions ef
IE- MGI1 PKTKRfBCa 1 J
Au-ut 0:h, 1SJ4. j :
D--ir Mr. Koiiftderii : I am here now in ''
a la-e uh onto as l0t !ls ;na i:ir of aiarel :
,h oi :i M-pd .p and hit hi
n i
.ii iuc fctm. m. i eaai n-sj?t te trTstaiion of
riiir: a fow hue to my Ir' a Jf:s!r M'i'.
Warn Ih'dren ai.d Msiir John Vrnir.?po.
and as by read in of t'ne pipers sen.-u ' the ele.i- I
ion lur uuviuer of flv Srait, I cant fitid cut
wh.reth.ev ar, 1 will rite it tu you, and t;it
you t print it in your pper, hopin that thew
fewiii.es may uuet thir ire. 'l'iiev use to
live in Itawiv, but! thnk thev mo red oaten
town sometime aUtft the dth or fifth of this !
p-eneit munth. ell tOi Lo e-ra to my
deur friens Wiiiiim a-i Johii.
The elexiou fite isjist about ever and the
returns in a ;icr,d way has all kum in, and
fcs the dust at.d stinoke (h late politikal
fit clears away, we find th.t fbar have bin a
m st rucrmns sinter in the ranks of the nemy
and tnt their jziivoal i ni.-ors snflVrsd koa
sidcrabie texj. Ano ie !td bodies C-rtiml
ot) the battle fi'd, was f und two one very
arg? one wit!-, a pi?cc of a ih c brush on hhs
uptr lip and .! mhr v-y small tallow faed
or e boiii of which s-.i.e't ir iiy tr.ns; uf Naval
Stores and b-vkadt sjirir. I hope tr-r one of
em was oiu'j the uin folks said they faverd
jou konsiderable. If I thought tho' raly Wii
youm, I w uld quit ridn imeaiately, for u no
hii aint no i:e to rit- to dtd h kes. How
tomever I nevjjr like to here of any body a dy-'
in sudicniy Oiicxpccted like, wit!'.c;t somebody 1
sa) ui a sort on a funeral dirjr over tthea), aud
I will therefore hear ra a tw wards over
them periilikaty dead cor puses, and then pro
etted with my k-tter uv fricmhds'p toyu. In
the fir;-.t plage to yvn too ded corpust-o I would
fay", I am tiurry yous is i.oth "?-. 'fry dtd
cextly I hope your freus wi 1 mcyoi deeotly
ic:ird beovatii the periitikal c!ds of va'v
aed ereckt ovr-y. ur p-.or ih-d frames a sope
s?o.e h-.h tiiravi-i wit'ii s: u.e sojt illc iv.ot
t 'r, tay iumstin iiko t'.v iV.letin ah'rctiu
"w urds:
Hrrs lic iVie:-. v,!-,
O 1 1
lied at:d a!sh--i
they now ar i-d th y s t . i . !k
TfoTfil p-ruves
t he Old a.
ruiiu p-.isshiin .strono; in ii-.ath.
at bo :rv trv.- indei-d
il VOJ Sli-.tiid
er-r
.h'.-n
rise fli'i, it w;i! ! c after the md'etdju
d.e devil wiil be lo-xi-d a dn for a scftUn br.t
ou better hatl wait un til he i: ail ,;!ii3
-.iriU-t fixed than thev wis !.:! .'ic fur oar
j-ans, or sun? p r d; lu.,i;ri !:tt'"- d.-vil mjy
igin tur.i States evi i:.vv- aio y .U, aiid nl'v k
.-um' s.dt berin, old roo.", -r or roudhiu uv
th-it kind toyuur nrze, ,r t-xr to yt;ti ii 0. A.
which would make a iat'tin of th-; dry bone
and a td.akin -of tiic nees.. I ier'i-t t say th.at
i hepv they wiil l-i.i a red ko-d ro :u your
grave sto'.o- so th it yottr irtns may o you
whtn they pus thit way. Dcp ii'imI korj.u-es,
1 wood ask you to rife t us, but taint u- uh
as tiiar halnt no male line fruui here t-J
wliar von is -cw; u, ftr well.
N w deer WiiiiiUi nd J(hn. I fvill pcr-te-d
wi-Ji my letter to you. You bjh no
you have s -.1 a ;oid many thing.- -onse this
per irihal kairoan opei u whiati yo; l;on-,,i
it f!:?'u so wh'ii yi'u se.l it. S me lelh-'r l'r
rtrlofr has ret you rife on a od i.-t-.ny o
them artdy, ' tit yo-.j wvi stay sot ri:;?, fur
j.tst. hdely y.u faid that thr s ;!.;i?ir. wit';:!
a'(.w?d to vol- !v Hicv wanted to tint tt:e
box war garded, and ail sich. Now, Wiliiair..
didh,t vou an-.! .John t.eth no titat wns'nt s; i
when you sod it V In th; hii.od i I .ty io,
e -j: rv ttian was allowed to vt -te jott a; lie
plt:.-.-d, even the pkkets on tle front tines
wan scut f r.to c ait mhI v.t?. You -r?er be
nu-,ni kecr'td about ravin thing you cart
prove by good and icpck tide tnvi;. ,
I am ri,ti;i r.s your Ircrd ar.d now you take
a frer-s advi?e, v.nd do like ve soldi rs in the
treushes h tve to d. take whfct th-t govtra
omrit s es fit to 'ive you nr,d kfep yoifr htds
lev. Ji'k only high hedcri w dd-be-
something bet cant Jfcit.d uv follres thatever
git hurt anyhow, iu a gcner.il way. Let me
t,ive you b th a vurue ur two iu ekripture
which I think fits yur ase. both uv jou :
"Pride gt-cth l.e'ore dcstrucTicin and a harrty
spirit before a fall," and whosoever pball ex
halt himself null be abated, and ''he that
humb'.fth himself fchall be-exhauited." Thi
is got;d kkripture, and you ort to both uv yuu
act on hit.
Nw William, I advi.-c you and Johu both
uv you to quit po'Jtiks and go home and
teal to the children. IMitiks tlont suit yon,
nary a one uv you. When the pee pie want
one uv you fur a Guviner acd the tot her fur a
State printer, they will send fur you, just like
th-y did fur Vanve. The prcpie duiit like
overly pecrt chaps nohow.
WHiiam, here is a little pensa v poitry,
mity night like unto a sain or him, which I
waat you to get by hart, and ay it ove- evry
nite j;j.-t after you git through sayin uv jour
"now I lay me oowu tw Iep
That Stat House room wast built fur me,
At hit I've lost iuy oidy chance,
And through tUe Window now I'll fee,
For two jetrs more, that Z. IS. Vance.
Now aint that party ? I mado it a purpose
for you. It wont bo iurd to get, tnd then hit
is so nigh the pint. And John, I h&iut for
got you neether, here Is oome fir you too, hit
aint quite ps good as William's, buas you
play tlie second fiddle any way, I reckon hit
will do. Git it by hart:
Of printing for the State 1 dreamed,
And oh! hit was a happy trance,
But when I woke before me sem-d,
Jest ia my way, that Z. B. Yacc
Your fete frens here in the army wish to
be remembered to you-iu sorrow they dont
look happy some how, at d seems kinder down
cast like. You, both uv y n, take a frieu's
dvhe and go home aud be quiet.- Uay-be
you may come to some rood end j-et. ion
know Ihe old say in While tho lamp holds
out.u Dura, ai.d so forth.
Your true freid aed adviser, . "JOB."
We are requested to notice th death, July j
29, 18G4 at York Hospital, Winchester, V., j
of First Lieut. James C. GoodtnaB, of theStk j
N. C. Voluiteeri, from a wound received'
while gallantly leading a company of skir-l
mishers in theoittle of Kerostown. He was a t
native of Gates cuunty. North Carolina j
papers are requested to Copy for the informa-
tiofa of his friendr. 1
In TiiK Trenhie- mch PKTFrtsur;
From the Mjeon Confe leratc.J
Crnrral TolL
A fl.:h fr-m the edge of a htsule treticb,
A f.utTi-f pmt'ke a.K.ar
Wh .e echy iball rtdl t'rt rs the Kcnnefaw Kill
To th farih?rtnust Chuuau hrr,
rrt-tlaii'vs tu tr.e wort. I th.a the vrrkr-rrie.-t
Will battle for rig'i: no u.rc.
Aad that for ft eue trhich i ranetifie-i(
Vj the Ulood vf mart; uuktinwir,
A eauso for th'u-h ihev ire iheir lives
Aad fT!iieh he gavehii own
He kneel.-, a meek itnb$Mtiur
At theJLot of tho Fa'hcr'e Thrtne.
uA up in the courts f anther worl.i.
That an.il n'.wt.e havetro'h
He-tive?, arir f.-om th din an l gtr'f;
Ot'this biord-bririkJcd fed
CrowLeJ with the aunracthir.o wreath
That is worn hy th Met . f Go J.
CISl ALTIKS IX 3C71I KKGHIKXT.
You will please insert in your valu.ibip
p r th followim; list of eusu.tiiiies t.f (
oiuh X. C. T.. ft .m I:;y 12ilst) Had .f
K.ijiust, iocltis're.
Kidd--Privates W II Jetiwmj, V.
.-yes, J is Sayer. If 'ttrr ilairis. ATsn K
'aikhsm, Tnos K Richard vi', da Davia.
.h lWf, G W IUck.iey, Jn IKrtoa atd
jib H White. WVunled, i-rr-t Wni V I?ry,
le2. sergt dn Kmtt ec in th'gh.sit.co
npttaffi. Ltr.l Jackson hand, W; A lioy
ib.A 11 Pcrw abdomen, corpl das A Math-
vs se vere in lev, uiv:e Win Childers
ouhh r and head, N J Spener m i-nd, A
. Scaly, Klzbrnry Albertfon severe in lef,
.'to C L De'i' Auz.anne hip. tr; nt- Wra d
peland in the b ad ICrwin Gkerhatn breast
.'ine Kipps. James W Ibotlt rs vcru iu
iu. fbiid Jennings h4r. It K Spt-ncer ide.
' vi W Williams tb::b, Wm M Tc"M-e hatil.
s N Rushers k'vertr in brost, H T HeDanirl
til. N Ii dotes bo'h I b A llumjfart.er
m. Wai B:'ow2,d W'lhirnfli 1 aad, Gils
: .v. .-, Win V Park -.-r hip, P II !ndcr-ravs
t, ii M k'"'. tor seve-e iu hnd. It la'Ai'i i t'
vj'ion tKdV 1 11 wo'inccl Sl.t'ttM:
W. FA'i UKitkY. Lh'Jt. Cun.'.v (..
r.-'t
(IVUI
IL'P'
N C. T.
Noiiu Ct-r l'..u pap.rs phase coy.
..,
LIST of CAS CAL VI IS
! the ,Jfh 2 C. Too; s, in the Ktvr'eiueid
ui M.nhim. of the. IS'A .';. IS
Adjtttsnt 1. W. C i es w unJ.vJ :t d
' -red'. . 4
cap
ovopany A Wt urahd : C.'rp'l II U Mc
; kl. ilisuii': Scr;'t S A AieNuIjial private
s l.' x'. rn.
C. f;,.4ny i Wont dtd : Sfr-'tG W Wal
i r.-, T' rivate 5i N IUpe. Mi.-aio;; : M ' Mau
:ev,T N Piife..
kVopmy I'Wouu do.!; Ser'i V Walsa,
Bowman. Mis.-'n : it N Gihcith, Win,
: Jibry, A Rbes0u,S W d;r.i.on, d G Wal-
i UN.
C mpany CI Wound d : .Sh 3I1 l'n n, G
W Ikilher, I VV Pa.k.r. Mivintf : J L
1) a!. .1 C St' veu'-oji, .J Hiinla.Di..
CcnpaiiV i ! Woun-lt d : V." McKec.
M'i : lC'i Kodi-dil, A P iiotit.
'lojaiV 1 Wounded: d A I ! ihh l.-r.
Mii sr; ivi C.u; i..trr, S W P..Viu. J V
ir-pj j w li.Midtiv.t., a n;-.
( o i jiiovlv Kiih'd: .1 L P!t;:i t.it r.
i:.r !I VVaJdrlt.
H II r.USSkkk. A. A. Gen.
liiicoln Upon the Bailie Field More of
Presidential Jokes."
From the Sesecx (New Jersey; Statetnian.
Westo that the papers are referiing to the
fa. t that Lin colli o.o-i ed'a cmic son. to ha
sunr upoti. c but I c field. We h.ve known
the facts about ! trrni.etinrr :r f-otn: ti.no,
bat htve re!: dcied from ep-akinp them. A
tho fefepr. I. ."! fro i..w Rtatin so.oo of t'.y
facte, we v il! ie the whole:
S : a r.fier e d' the mnft dcK:ra'e and
sr.rguinary battler, Mr. Ji.-ccdn vvitad 1
commaBoi' j general ud the army. Whilo
mi his visit the comrnaiitlirig general, with hit
Half took him ver th? fild in a carriage and
(iptaiurd to him tht plan . tin; b.title, and
tiie p trticular place where the fifth t wat m.st
tierce. Av ;r e point the ccmmndln jteneral
ssid,"herc, ca this side of the. road ior'e hun
drrd of our brave fcllo were hi !e I, aid jut
oft thvj'l'cr ,,'c f roa,l r",,r bundrod
mre were tWin, and rjiHt oti the other eide
of tl t wall fire hundred rebel were destroy
ed We h ve bur'ud them whrc they fell."
I declare." said the Preaider t,"iii;9 i setting
gleoray. Let u drive iway." Attor liivin
ay w n ds the Piesider! faid, "This makes a
fclier feel gloomy." ' Jack," epeitkit g to a
companion, "can t y ni jive us toni'th;n to
cheer ua uj? Givt- tin a so fiti iieo us a
lively or..' Thereupon Jak htr kt.p as
loud as he eonld bvl a Coti.ic 1 .( ro smlj,
which he coutiuued to ir g wh b they wete
riding oif fr- tu the battle ground, ard till they
approaci ed a itimtut ditiwu up, when the
commacdir.' eueral eaid, 'Mr. Prcbitlent,
vouldit't it bo '.veil f ryonr fii?nd 10 oeae
his or till we paed thH re;;iin:r. Ti-o
poor fellows have "st m ie ihaii half t-f their
MiKberH. They lire f-1 in ery bidiy, nJ
Ishcul lbe afraid of th- cffct that it may
have on them." The Present then asked
kis corriPAnion to i-top hie feiufn till they
get by that regiment.
Wre knew that the story is incredible, that
it is impossible that a man who could be elect
ed Preddtntof the United Sta'.-a could n
conduct himself over the fresh Diflde graves of
the heroic !ead. When t'.h etory was tcld
to tu we tail that it r.as incredible imp si
Lie, but the fU-ry Is t-dd cn tueh oaih 'riiy
that we knt-w it to ke tree. We tell the tory
that the people may have sorio id "a of this
man Abraham Lincoln, who ii a candidate
for four year inure of su.di ru'e. If any lie-
publican holds up his bands in borrlr and
says this story rao't be true, we say we sym
pathize with him from the bottom .-f our sou';
th story can't 1c true of any man fit fr any
office of trftai, or v n for decent stKtety ; hut
the storv is every wh;t true of Abiaham Lin
coln, incndibU aud impossible as it ruay
secai. . . '
Mr. Cvru3 W. Field .lias chose J
''Ilcati'
Content, ' Ttinity Bar, Ncwkuudltnd. as the
place for landing tha Atlantic cable. He pm
Txie o huild 100 miles of land line thence to
Placentia, and to connect Placectia wirli Cape
Breton bv cable.
1U