THE CONFEDERATE .
WEDNESDAY, April 6, 1SGI.
Cat 0."
We are not in the habit of not.cln? the
monvraous communications in other papers,
nor do we mean now to establish a precedent;
but'a writer in the Progress of the 2Sih . mst.,
over the signature f "Cato, " ha fulnUed no
anticipation of on r own so fully. concnV-g the
mode in which Mr. Holdn would endeavor to
conduct the campaign for Governor, that we
are entirely prepared for it. It has been a
favorite idea with Mr. llolden, that he is a self
mtrte man, and thereby a people's man, and in
the language of his in an Cato, " the natural
noMonent of "certain person who have more
wealth than brains," .who " cannot bear the
i lea of seeing one who was once a poor-printer
hoy, made Governor of North Carolina."
We shall not stop here to enquire how far
Mr. Holden is, op Is not a e-ma man; or
how far he has been created, made,' fostered,
strengthened, agisted and actually built up by
others. He has our cordial sympathy in, and
our admiration for whatever of hot effort he
b.n ud, and the success he has derived from
it. li-it while his virtue consists in tins laudable
Portion and success, it is a small device on
which to found a" claim for promotion in- one's
own behalf.- and it has always been regretted by
Mr. Hold -u'h quondam supporters, that he was
a' ways too near akin to Andy Johnson, the
tailor boy,' in u inclination to fester anl keep
sore a difference of classes, and to profit by these
aviations hi society. Mr. Holden has no just
came of complaint against any particular class
of soei-ty. He was welcomed to the lead of a
threat party, when quite a young' man ; . was
patronize I by the first intellectual men ofth
State, and never needed to fear his" acceptance
into the most respectable social sphere it
being a raaakcl characteristic in the frmer as
it is in the present regulations of RaWgh social
lif,i, tint racri! fials an easy entranc3 wherever
it eho?es to po. But Mr. Holden will readily
(M-iiprehend us when we express the opinion,
th it hs could not expect gentlemen K refiued
intelligence to assort agreeably with many as
s .ciatims that Mr. Uolden found p.casure in.
V.nt enough of this.
the most prominent occa ion f.
Ho! Iri'i life, wli -n hi3 politic d td ti was fess
u-itmou anl more reputable than it i-now;
w'ion he was a fmni 1 ih'.e competitor for the
Dmocraric norai nation for Governor at Char
1 tto, he perpotratel th mt serious- injury
u; .n his own prospect!, by a w.vitja an 1 un
provoked attack upoathoe whom he was pleas
e 1 to call the aristocracy ; and by a special
a't.ick upon laictwhe drove from his support
soaie of the warmest advocates he had. The re
sult was that be was defeated for tha,t nomina
tion, and the way was paved for that road to ruin
U misguide 1 footsteps have trodden ever
iu:e. Th3 attack was unjust, undeserved, im--P
.line and unwise, and the blow recoiled on
tue head of the striker. It is in the best in
terest of society that misfortune should -always
fall unon hina who endeavor to array class
a'.iinst class. But 14 Cato
refers
to Mr.
Douglas as self-mvls m-tn and predicates a
similarity bitweea his fate and Mr. Hojdeu's,
upoa the opposition of the "cotton lordi" to
Mr. Doug'.a. and that of the 44 m re wealth
than trains" lord? to Mr. Ilildsn.
The tllustratiou aud parallel a-c unwisely
cho-wn for Mr. Holdeu's sake; fir wo are
re nin lei of what a glorious opportunity was
oifjral to Mr. H ddeu of doing j i-t:cc to bis
a'Snitie for self-made mon, in Mr. Douglas
ease, and how ingloriously he passed tho
opportunity by. Oa tha 3t):"h of J.tta, 1SG0,
Mr. II ddeu had re turned from the Biltimore
c invention, an 1 he thus addressed the public :
14 We declined to secede, at IVlti.:hre. -'
If we had a?ted and voted at all, we would
44 certainly have voted for Stephen A. D-ug-
las. We ar now free, however, to, make
'our own choice, not consileiittg our self
4 irrevocably bound by either convention."
Ita!riyi Standard, June 3vW'i,lSG0.
Oa July the 4tb, in the same year, Mr.
Holden v?.s pleased to compliment a speech
made t y tha writer of this, in K.deigh, in
fovor of Judge Douglas, a.id to testify to
th. truthfulness of our account cf the Bal
timore convention, (for, liko all ether meu,
tec havs been lauded -nd abused ly Mr. llol
tl as suited his couveoiea-so at tho time.)
Sh r;ly thereaffer Mr. Holden oil lad for a
State convention; and in his wo defence,
used this language :
4 We can demonsT:ite, if nec -ssary, that
Siephen A- Dougbis is the regultr nomi
44 neo of the national democracy." Raleigh
Stt'iJird,J! 1th, 18G0.
Farther: 44 We know the ndure of the
combination, that exists, bat we defy the worst
tuat sdfishucss and ambition can accompluh.
We will appeal to the people, if necessary,
against secession and disunion"
Again: " We feel bound to state that the
44 weight of preference, as indicated "by tlia
''letters we have received, is in favor of
44 Douglas ; and we feel bound to state also,
that in our opinion a majority of the lead
44 Jng democrats of the State arc in favor cj
" Breckinridge. Under these circumstances
44 what are we to do ? We thbik our course
" is plain, and that is to raise no name, but
" to await the action of the democratic party
44 of the State." Raleigh Standucd, July 14i,
1860.
Nov-, what does " Cato" think Mr. Hoi
den did ? What do the peopl think he did ?
Here was a self-made man Stephen A.
Douglas. He was the regular nominee of
the national democracy, of which Mr. IIol
nen wag an organ, He was opposed by the
" Cotton Lords who were" secessionists. and
disanionisis," according to Mr. Holden. He
was the favorite of the people, as proved by
the letters Mr. Ho'deu had received whila
Brtrkinridge was only the favorite of a wa
jvritg rf the haders.
Did Mr. llolden follow the "'jp&it i course?
I nuso no name but' Wait the acti-n f tho;
j Democratic party of the State 7 No !ro 1 1
.Seven, daya after, be run up the ;nar es of
Breckinridge and Lane, with a con lit in.
Raleigh Standard, July 21st.
These names, with the condition, be kept
'flying at Tiis mast-head until thj 1 15 h of
September, when he hauled down the uli
tions' am! b-ft the flag brc f all q'tVitien-'
tion save the names orBreckinridire, and Lane.
Thxs, "on-the ms: re liveable occ ifdon,
when Mr. Uolden might mark his reverence
for the virtue of being-a eelf-raa'd man, he
abjured the occasion and renounced the vir-
j tue. He abandoned The regular nominee, and
trod under foot that orgiw'zifion he had
always inculcated. "
lie abandoned the favorite of th people and
united with Yancey, wlio.n ho hud jvis;
threatened to "atrip the covering from. "
He abandoned the self-made; mm an-.l
united with the "cottm lods" in f w r of the
aristocrat. II abandoned the known u.-tio t
candidate, and w ?nt along with t!i h w'mso
" selfishness and ambition, " whose " c'essji-n
and d suuioo '' principles he had threat en eel
to appeal against.
""And growing more hod more imbued I with
the fellowship which conscience u first re- .
voiced at, be became an unconditional adjunct
of all the consequences that fallowed. '
We, present this record to 4 Cato " to ?dr.
Uolden, as a mirror wheeia be may see
himself " and to the p:i:.lu.
This is tiie greeting a seif ma le rran a .
p or printer boy gave to a self-ma ! marr
a por school teacher in his hour of neofcsl
ty." Let those who ar disposed to claim lor
Ir. Hold'-n this division ot .ci;n 's, read,
learn,. mark and inwardly digest, this short
Another Greeting. -
We showed on several 'occasions,- by
various evidences, tjjc wtcra and !'avr in
which Mr. Holden is held by tho public
enemas of the country. - .
These were to be found iat'e speech of
Edward Evretti t4the silk mi orator," wh.ercin
Mr. Holden is alluded t as the 44 ind. -pendent
press uniimbcring its ifrtilIM' 'in the
prominent elevation of 'aU n tou at iU? fire
celebration at Newborn, when tho 44 Hold'Mi
llixdv ami Ladder Co. " f r.ne 1 a m li fea
ture, and in the frequent cianpHin-titary.
notices of him by 4i3 V ink 00 pres. of whu-'i
the article heretofore pu-bli'hed by i:s fami'
the New born Times of the Cth of March, G'. o.
Miils J.'V, Yankee, IUitor, in wiiioii tho
Raleigh Standard is greeted 4'as an .i-idep- n !
ent, out-spoken friend of-tho people, suspend -rd
by Jed. Davis's bayonets."
Now, we have another choice trstimonial
to Mr. Holden, not from an orin al Y?tok e,
but from a traitor who has forsworn his'
pative land and his rightful goveri:neo, t
take allegiance with their invaders.
A gentleman leaving KnoxviH., Tennessee,
V a short time since, was asked bv 1 tster John.
Ithe reuijade and trait r to brin ' out. .-a
bundle uf newspapers. He consent-.! and did
so; aud at tho advice of friends, br handed
1 this bundle "iuto Gn. J -. E J.i!.jjsIoi's
quarters. They w-oro exa uiiied, aud am g
them, is a copy of Drro ??' s Ii-:':1 Vot'j'n
tor, on which, written in p'licii, is this ad
dress: 44 Send this pap'or to V. W. TI hler),
Ilaleigh, N. C. Jnoe-Boxier " f uj-hI in tho
traitor Baxter's hand writing. Btxier re
cognizos Mr. II ldjn to bo a per n worthy
of his respectful recollect iou, a i.i iii to be
! communicated with. He thinks a friendiy
manifestation from him, Baxter, will noL be?
disagreeable to Mir. IJo'.d.'n; a: l 03- v y of
making in an especial m mu-.u-ths friendly
reganl, he s-jnds him w 1 it, to hi u, Bixtjr,
is a choree vide mecMsi B-ovrnl-w's Venti
lator. In that sheet is an address from Bax
ter and a few other traitors, it; tended doubt
less for Mr. Hold- n's edification. We have
u..t rcel it; but it appears - to be a petition
beggirg bread and other assistance lr ui their
aiaster, Abram Linodn; clusiug wiUi a con
gratulation upon the success of the fed
erals in East Tcutiesessee. We hardly
suppose that Mr. llolden carries on any
correr-pontlence with Bixter, in reply;
aud this paper has not been put ia our
bauds to convict him of any such correspond
ence with the enemy ; but it is intended,
among other things, to lot Mr. -H.ddeu and
the publ ic see that -the Yankee enemies and
their base allies, Southern traitors, claim him
as one of their own. In this' point rf view
such things ought tobs pregnant of alarm to
Mr. Uolden anei his friends.
Distilling Whisky. We continue to
receive letters from different counties, com
plaining of the grain of the country being
distilled into whUky. The remedy is ia tho
hands of the peple. As a cotemKrary re
marks, vhy do not the peple in the neigh
borhoods where this distillation is goiug on,
inform the authorities? It is a duty that
some one ought to perform. Wo thi .k that
1 n h it i-
thc County Solicitors are to blame 111 this
ity
matter they might ferret out those v-ho are
defying the laws of the State, and . bring
them to immediate punishment.
We are authorized to announce the appoint
ment of Hon. Thoxas Bkago, as Commissioner
of the Confederate States, for the State of North
Carolina.
- From Europe. The florida an'd Federal
sloop-of-war St. Louis were lying in Funchal
bay when the mail steamer left Madeira. The
Governor of Madeira - reluctantly gave per
mission to supply the Florida with coal, V She
was ordered to leave immediate j after coal-
Lieut Col. Bowman, of the 102d Ohio reg-
iment, has been dismisstd as an ofilcer ef the
United States servioe at Chat Urjooa, for ru-
ng
fusing to recognize Col. Morgan (a negro) as
a UniteJ Slatci 1 -Ulcer. . .
The Contrast.
.While Elward Everett.of 'Silken oratory,' fOvl;Br.vvn, in his lte m. ssage, says :
and: JoJ, the jankee, apdxterfihe traitor, 'M 'ntii not aware of an instance in which the
approach Mr. Holden with the lwnd of friend 44 British Kinhas . . . suspended
ship, the lightning messenger brings intellt- J 44 or attempted to suspend the privilege of the
gence of another greeting, so widely contrast- " writ of hibens corpus, since tii Bill of
ive, that the loyal heart bounds and thj'lla at j "Rights and act of settlement, pas-ed in 1689.
the announcement. The noble sa'diery, just I " To attempt this in 18C4, would.cost tin; pte
rc;erilisied,jn'. their. temporary camp ground" j .'eut reigning Qieen no les price than her
gather n round s n invited suest. to Lear of j ; crown."
the condition of the nation. It is a grai d.J -Tnis i-a nAsc :ipird n iVe ignormi-e of
assemblage' a brave -outpouring of patriots
to meet tie Chief ilaglstrale f th.? State-
corniug before thm at once to ive account
of the past,. and to solicit their confidence for
j he fuiurc ; t once J,her ruler and their scr
! vanti Into than, presence no otiicr thaji a
representative f loyally could go ; for there
were gathered the deft riders of loyalty and
its chief embodiment. And Go, v nce is
said to have delivered in the presence of the
soldiers a most able and e'oqueiit ad iresp,
capt'vrttingall heartsaod winning univ.ersal
approhation. '" .
I:i attiid-u'icc unon tao occasion was the
gnat chieftHiu of the age. Gen Il-.ert L Le.
j Gen. Hill, Mn. Geils. U.esand Johns. -n.-ainl
i a large number of other gei-eral officers. J.t
j nuibt have been a gl-rious "scene ; and it is a
j irjiitnof just pride, thrit North Carolina can
j furnish in Gov. Vance a represent tivo so wpII
j qU jiified to filUuch an opportunity. Already
jn tj,e possesion Jof a natioual repuati m; we
((iubt not .he added to the lustre of .the State
j v ,jjKpi ,y inih.at distinguished presence.
j t a fir frilviite to he importance of the
tiir.es srn earnest, of the intene" interest
which the great .men of the ration take in the
movements of North CaPlnia that the fir.-t
General of ur arntys and .'lrs distinguished
associated should. have given their prcsi'me "to
the visit of Gov. Vance. -Will .orth Cir
olina slight this im notintr counsel ? Wl.at
! voice can the people of t,his State listen to. if
th'ey disicgurd tliat of Geo. L?e anl the great
loaders of the anry ? This manifestation is
full of meaning, and ought to be beede l.
j But whore whs Gov. -Yanre's ompeiitor ?
i Has he a competitor? 'Wl y did not Mr.
j llolden .o to the. army ? - Has no wish to
I'see tho s Idi ;rs ? Perhaps not. II : never was
one Gov.Yance was Has .he no
wi.sf?
to
j be; beard ov them ? Not in person, it seems,
j He does not harangue for votes" that i-, in
j a public way.
j ' 'I he soldiers will appreciate this visit of
! G v. .Yanco. It shows bis interest in their
: behalf ; his anx'oty to take them by the hand ;
1 ai d from his hearty and cheering compmion
ship thev will derive comfort, and enourag?
merit. And fhf-y will apreeia?c the ahscr.ee
'. of Yds c.-uij.;etitor. They will at. once feel
! why Mr. Holder, can not be there. Th'; vote
j in the army will be almost unanimous ; virl
day by day the evidence grows of unanimity
;-.it home. Mr. IIol Jen's will he the saddest
J case on record, f blind perversion and self-
I ...
i sacuhce. - .
I "Tliis is Y.ctory."
! In conversation with tho lamented Mr
j Yancey, bat a short ibne liefore his (K-ath
aUnsiv'n w.vs m-tde to tho confi;l;iee felt bv
; e):.r t'Oops, b"f av every batib, of vampiish
. iog .the foe. " Tu's i. victory " am the ro-
i;v of liio eloquent orator.
I I x
,; Aftisis tiiiu such coutidencc is universal.
"The Richmond Ucumintr, in one of its pun
: gent articles, demonstrates Uiat the vankee
; army does not-fiht as it did in the-second
: j'ear ed' the war. The causes are numerous
: and obvious. All the recent cftnuLts -of our
. arms have testified the truth of this position.
: The sucees of the enemy at Vickuirg, Pott j
' Hudson and MissiaimtyJlidge fumi.-h tw con- i
I trud'etion. In all these, overwhelming nuai- )
: bers, and a combination of adverse circum
stances carried the day agaiust us. In Fiori
i da, .Mississippi and on J. hns Island, tho pres
I tiue of Fredericksburg, Chancellorsville, and
I Manas as have been more thau maintained
I by our arras. The Irish element, to which
; most of the hard fighting- in the armies of
i the enemy has been due, has visibly declined.
! Yankees and negroes are the forces our troops
are now to meet.. The year 186i has opened
j with the most encouraging auspices for u.
; This confidence, which is victory, . abounds
j throughout our armies.. Big talk is taking
1 the place of the elepleted armies among out
! foes. Grant and bluster are to supply their
j failure of recruiting. . Old troops ire going
j out and raw levies are to take their places,
j where their places are to be taken at all
, Ye have on all sides the most encouraging
j prospects. Let us continue to be of one mind
j and the spring of 1861 will ever be a mem
! orablo epoch in the war of Southern iudepen
i eience.
1 -
! We are under obligations to Messrs. Bran
5 sou & Farrar for the March No. of the South
! ern Literary Messenger, and Tl Age " ;
two valuable Periodicals, published in Rich-
! tnond, Ya
Met-srii- Branson $ TtViirar 3
j , , . . . w , . ,
-ae. ln city, in Books, Stationery, i'e-
! - , p . . , .. ,
noaieais, etc., l wuose esiaotisnment many
! valuable standard Works are to be had, all
! tfie Southern School Books, ami Literary
works generally ; and we have found them
O j " - v auuuu . J ... .
. . ., 1, 1 . . . , . , ;
to be unusually low m their prices, for the
times. We commend them to.the patronage
cf the ublic.
The mail to-day brings to os the iy
State. Journal, published at Goldsboro by
Messrs. Wra. Robinson and John Spelmart,
Editors. Both of these gentlemen have strong
claims upon their, friends for a liberal pa- ;
tronajje. They will no doubt edit a buldand
! vigorous paper, and, conveniently situated ,
J for the receipt and dissemination of news,!
they will lw able to do much for the Dnblic I
j craving on this score: We wish them abuud-
' ant success. - . ;
i Tje Habeas Corpus A Very Great Error,
! hi-.tiry in the Governor- ot a Confederate
Stat-?, and show how li'tls atteoti n jv.
j Brown pat f t this important suhj'ct lefore
he uodcrtook his cruside of gltatmn.
We uiiderstatul that .tl;ers have caught up
this, refrain of G v. Brown, and .that Mr.
II..f!Vn,' in the Standard, has s'ated trttly
much the same thii'g. '
The Columbus Enquirer "refers to 44 one of
its exchanges " a having said that it was
suspended s to Ireland in 18J S " We pre-
s-ipie that this reraicc is to i.ur.'elvcs, as
we inh!isheti &ome time since a st.itv ment to
that dlVt. . "
' R,r tit benoil: f Gyv. ln,wo, a'.jd others
like him, wii sko wont harp iion. the
sac redness-id ihdhibeis carpus in England.
an.lt) commit like egregious mistakes awel
tobies in matters if plain history, we propose
.tofurnidi a resinie, " to-day,- of E llish Ie-gislatio-i
on this subject, to sotnn extent:
In 1794, on the -12:h of May, tlie.kiiig no
tified Parliament of 4 certain seditious prac
ti(es,', and asked a suspension of th' habfas
corrws tiiroughtso.t th? rabn Tho nms'ii'ti
"was thoroughly deb-ited. Mf. Pitt, and Mr,
Burke and tholeadiog inn of England, with
few exci-ptioi.s, .-'.jppoiting thj which
was 'presented hy Pit!. The bill passed by
very large maj rities and was for some tim.-;
cotitinued. In tliai debate it transpired tlat
t'no privilege of the writ ef habeas corpus
1 ladbeen nine times .suspended among othvr
tirn-.s in 1715, '22, "45, and '77. ,
It was again suspended i:j Ireland in 1B00,
and again in 1802 .
m In 1803, on which occasion Sheridan and
Fox, who had both oppo.-e-d :t in 1794, . sns
ported the full. Tit 1804, ' 1805, from 1807'
to 1810, again in lS14,aud again' in 1822,
until 1824. Ia 1817. it .was' suspen 'ed . in
Englan-1 proper. In 1848, in the reign of Q;e n
Yktoria, the 12ih 3'oar of her reign, Lord
John Russell, then uv Pi i no Minister, in-troduced-a
bill for the .suspension of this priv
ilege, as to Ireland, . into the. House of Com
mons, on the 22 1 of Jyiily, and il wii:. deha-
ted until the 2Ich, on wYse 1 d.iy it passckhe,
House of Commons o.:y oight niimheis vo-
tiiiir in the neg.itive.
()ii the same dli'Ht was sent io the House
of Lords, an I on that d ty p issod tint II mso
unanimously. '.Ami em th; '25ih of July, it
received the royal as-sent of Queen Yictori a,
who r.!t only did not lose her c;own, but was
cna'del tiiereoy to arresc a very dangerous
conspiracy then fomenting tu Ireland; aud
by tho seiiS'ire of Messrs. I -agher and others,
to jireveut bloodsheil and civil war.
Atone time or anoth-r the? very bevst men
of England, " her chiefv-st statesman L vds
and Commoners in late ears, such as L id
Campbell, EMenborough, ISrougharn, Lar.ds
down, Earl Grey, L r d D.rby and in ti.e
Coaamons, Burke, Pitt, Fox, Sheridan, Pal
merston, D israeli, arid maoy others whom we
might enumerate, of all political parties, of
liberal views and sound statesmanship,- have
voted for the susp msiou of this p ivijege,as
a wise, sou ikI, necessary policy of govern
ment ; and on occasions not comparing in
magnitude and imp Htanoe with that new exist-
1,1 tJi( ConlVdtrate Stales.
Li the - preset instance, we avow as our
b'-'isf that, so far a' N -rtl; Ciroliua was coo-
j cetued, this suspension was necessary, and
has been producive ef great i;o o 1. It has
hindored a mod dangerous apd uiischit vous
agitation ; and to none has it been more mer
ciful or beneficial than to tho ngba-.o'-s, who
were fast verging towards an abyss from
which there would have been no reclamation.
We say. this in no spirit of denunciation, for
we are heartily gi id thai a barrier bus been
interposed to prevent a'stafe of .things that
humanity would Have. shuddered at? If any
one doubts this, -let Ui:n read the articles- ef
the Slandar l and Progress, to wii'eia we have
heretofore alluded and from which we have'
'quoted and along with them the proceedings
of meetings in this State, which hail just
commenced.
. Now, that agitation is settled ; its had- r
iave been saved fr im an immense ptlfl. the
"State and Confederacy have been savd from
great danger, and not a citiz?n has been im
properly hiudered in.his business-,' or hurt in
bis property or person.- -
We" commend to Gov. Brown to study the
Parliamentary History of Eiugiand Irom which
we derived our information. There are many
thiugs in this world that are not dreamed of
in his philosophy.
Treasure Found. Flake's (Texas) Rulh
iin has been informed tl.arj within the jast
two weeks several thousand doabl o.-.s have
-
been found by diC'crent soldiers "in thn sand
bills Eat ef Galveston, while at work level
ing those sand hills by military orejer. The
huuttin also learns freim rnercnants that n.any
.
douLbKjns have vciy recently feci
-b to exebaJJge for ithe
r been brought 111
r currency or
Confederate curreucy. It is '-'surmised that
the ibeky finders have struck some ef Lifitte's
treasure, anei we tshould not be surpii.eel. it
more wllU' be found a the wojk prugrwsw
FbomUppebEast Tennessee. It is now
certain that Gen. JoLes has entered Kentnc'ky
through Fulkerson Gap, -with som 1,50U
men.
- The Federals have been driven back both
Ageneral engement, it V.n .xpected,
wiu take place between all the forces en both
sides.
McLawa'-di vision has beca ordered lo the
front.
44 But this is not the whole -of the burthen that
devolves upon Mr. Davis. This task he is caUcd ;
upon to perform, while atthe same time he u
accountable to a representative AesemWy, to a
Senate, and to a Cabinet. But even that is n)t
tne nxr-it ot His trials. Il has to lace tlnee dim-
i nxr-it ot His trials. 1J has to lace tuee dim-
ties, to aim at these results, with a free prew
. . . . .
criticise, toontrol, to reprimand him ; some-
culties.
to critieis
t ivies to be elated by success, sometimes to be
depressed 'unduly' tr reverees, and som.etiines to
revval ro distant arroies much which in hts opinion
it. would be mor,e judicious to conceal from them,
The liberty of that prcfshehas not one? attempted
tocontrnUmL-h to oPr tide. And ret to inc ct
this threefold trial might well exhhus: the vrisdom
of a ruler, the resources of a general, and the
trmp'er of an argel. Corr.e v hat mey, csntleinen.
y ou carEot be deprived of the reflection that, in
your day, oceciciing to your power, although di
vided from him by ;he coean, you have done
someddrg to npbolJ one of the bravest and the
neddest mjndi which ProTidctice has formed, in
one of the loftiest and hardest enterprises with
which the fortunes of'the world hsve ever been
identified."
Tbe forpgoirg valuable trilute to Preshlrnt
Davis, va"i aitl Kv L-rd Campbell before a
large assemldoge the manufacturing popu
lation at Marches lr r, Ecg'artl. It is a loriy
eulogy from one oT the first men of Gnat,
B itain. n w emo f the irin;e leaders in the
H'nseof Lotds. Iir-rd Campbell was the Lord
I Chief Justice ed the ltealm,- nd is distfti-
pnished as .well for his schelastic f r lis
legal attainments. He see ms to have studied
more thoroughly than most English state-myn
the aff.urs f the Confederacy, and compm
heti(K. tl e diftictibies of our sittiatiotT', as. well
in the'rtTigiti as in their development, since
the rupture of the Ui ion. He applies the
touchstone to the Yankie aff e-tatiun for the
ngn, and combats the uaiionnl prejudice of
his countrymen em Ihc quest i n of slave jy,
with skill aud candor; and he losts an alio
and earhest appeal fir simpi'thy in eur be
halt' by thisst pi.d d( rvc-d commendtii-n
of the Chief Magistrate f. the Confederacy.
L -rd Campbell undi rstands the sumnsnd
itigs e f Prs'.c!ei:t Davis ; sees well'the ctwlar-ra.-snietjts
atal tr ut Ies eit his. responsible
sta-'i n ; and out of she depth at.d magnitude
ot a noble sympa'by, caJls up n his country
men ?e uo hohor to themsehis by upholding
the 44 brave and -able ni::d of our President
in the lofty and hartl enterprise " which now
enuages "tds labors.
Besides being a valuable tribute to President
Davis, this e maua'ion from Lord Campbell
carries a uaod'of counsel ami. instruction to
the press ami to the people of this country.
Let us not bo behind this distinguished exitn-
pl. If a ery loyal mind will recognize' the
-cKfnTuVtit-s'of' the rge,vi-n,mtnt, make allow
auces for h not difioietici s of opinbn, acquit
errors of judgment, and faithfully uphold the
e.ndeavots made for the great end, tbefean
be no eoubt of a glorious result. Everything
harbingers success.
Mr. Htihlen's Cpliil;ii ur a Ilohlenitc."
In 18ofJ, Mr. J. M. Leach, now caudid;.te for
Congress, avas running for the United Slates
Congress iu the Cth District, against A. ?d.
Scabs, now Gen. Scales. Ia that canvass Mr.
HolJen said :
44 Mr. Scales is maintaining himself with
marked ability before the people, and his
"speeches are producing a fine impression. lie
" is said to be an overmatch for Gen: Keacli in
4 every .respect, except uuscriipulousness and
" deiuagogueisiu. The General, it is s;id, does
4 excel in these two respects.- He is' winning
his laurels fairly, and is entitled to wear them
44 as a demagogue of the first water. But he
4has gone before the wrong people with his
44 trickery aud misrepresentations." Huhigh
Standard, June 1st, lb69.
Again : A correspondent from Joiydlie,
wrote to Mr. Holdea that Mr Leach was usin
an cloctior.cci :ng pamphlet, as the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury. Mr. llolden said :
44 We agree'with our correspondent, that a
"candidate who wouii Lus impose ou houeht
and cmhding people, a nut woj thy of a sent
in Cougre?s. Ilaleigh Standard June '22nd,
1809.
Once raore : 44 Yhx are they asked to ex
change Mr. Scales for ? For Gen. Leach a
'political trickster, a demagogue-, a Kuow
44 TK-.tliMifT, ft man who was abfceot from his post
41 four hundred and fifty tunis when the yeas
44 aud nnys were called ; and wdio.il elected to
44 Congress, would be much morept tonhTdate
4 with the black Republicans than with men of
4 his own section."
This will do foe the present a dark enough
picture, any one would suppose. Demagogue,
trickster, misrepresenter, deceiver, dodger,
im poster, know-not hing, and black Republican !
This ia the portrait of Mr. J. M. Leach, late
Lr. Col. of Kirkland's regiment, drawn by tlwit
master artist, Mr. Holden, in first water
colors;" and to this Mr. Leach has Added two
"new wrinkies" the disavower of hi country,
and a Mr. 44 Holdenite." The sketch is com
plete. .
Testeen North Carolisa. Tie counties
of Western North Cut jbca have feuTereil heavi
ly by raids qf the commjn enemy, ii. ciudiug
deserters Jind torics, who have committed out
rages on the defenceless people ; rind 'owing to
circumstances beyond control, the authorities
have not been able to give the protection 4 hey
have been anxious to extend. The people have
continued faithful to our cau.c, uui their
T VV1I11U 1A V U lllllllllll k vui 1 ia r- ' it 0 on 1
j hatred fur the invader has been nv.-re i,.ten.:Sef.
Col. Palmer has returned from an extended .
trip through the Western counties, which he j
succeeded in clearing ot tue mvaoers, ami made 1
dispositions which, it is believed, will preveut
their inroads hereafter. The Yankees made a I
raid into Clay and Cherokee counties to prevent j
the enrolment of conscripts but retreated on
l,P i. h , r f th- Rnrrkjieb f our trnm
i nf '
On Saturday previous, Major McDowell, of
the 6'Jd N. C. Regiment; with detachments Irom
bisown and the 64th tlegiment, encountered
the'notorions Colonel Kirk and bis band. A
sharp engagement endued, and Kirk was de
feated. We lost one killed and several wound
ed. Major McDowell was eeverely wounded in
the arm. . - "
Cob Thomas' Cherokee Indians are rendering
good service, and are as true as steel " to the
Confederacv, notwithstanding the alluring pro-
i mites of th Yankee emissaries, who hate been
i amor.ir them-
1 T , ... 1 1 , 1 1 ;
It is reported that the iex!or;ilsiiavo been
heavily lehifytecd. j
: T'KLEGilA PI-TIC.
; REp(mT8 0F TflJ3 PRKSS ASSOCIATION-
; .
Kntrtl according ti art of Congress in t! vpap-
: ov .1. r. 1 urashwi, in the Cletk's oflB"
! f th ''i'1 n.f Confederate tate
I br the Northern Dutrict of (Jcurjria.
"
: ov .1. 1 urashwi, in the Cletk's oTi"!
j . -
j latest ail(! Important from f fie orlh
j Kebcllion III. Illinois,
j Kiciimomi, A:ri! 3.
,, thern uatesof th? 31at nM., ta that a
c;,,H-,tn occurifd on the 2S h. af Charh-t-.a,
j C"lrS c,mntv' H'nuis hetwe-?n rt-b I y-!!i:utMiM
' and nnirtnil,ts 13 whni ' "fu Salt;.- fr?re kill,
' ed an'J ten tv,"'-Ir? funded, at.d two rebel. kill-
tru. inn ieepc nHpatcii say th.it t i 3 rwb d.
i 1 . . -. ' t
uireenunareMStronjr.nart entrenehrd.t!iar?'s. Iros.it
I ,m
! f,M,r hundred
r? ..mm -m . if 1 ...
ui i.ij iia.oj. c.oier eoniiu.tni ot th Shoriir
men 'of the 54 th Ullo i regiment.
were marching t attack tlK;m. A:i attack ou
Mattoon, lib, i threaten J by txj r&As frout
Shelby apd ?doidtrie counties.
. rsscojrn imsta ren.
SprinjrfiYrl. d.itM of thv ,10th nay thnt Col.
Oake, Trovott M irsh.al Uenera', weutfu Charb-.j-.
ton last nicht, and to-day telegraphed 'or th? ilt
regiment." G-n. Ilenitzedman hm b-.en re
quested to send 5.000 troop fnoa Iudi.in.poji,
which indicate that th tr.iu'dcs ia t!i;u sjoliou
are of a serious character.
-1
I "test fro iu Ltirrpt-.iietiirn of Juiizn
Ould.
UieitMoxn, April 3.
In the Englbh Ibmse of Com'inoay, on tho. 7th.
motion was made tha) the alh-g.yj e.cupl cit of"
Mr. StansfcU, a member of the lbm,., in the plot
to a?assinatL' th Emperor of th.Krnch, deserred
serious conibrat ion. Thw in-ti.m was rt-j-ctod
bv ten majority, and the result was reoeived with'
greUh.KMing. The vyta h jrenerallr tvxfd l '
a-a decided conservetive attack on tht. govern,
nient, And it is belL-ved that ellbrts to owi throw"
the ministry will be rciV.-wed after I'astr.
The Iluuse of Lords will gi w nl:rM cnt in the
Alexandra case s on after L'aster
The Poe h sMiously ill. Collide? bvtwevn
the FieKch and i'a'pal trnrTjis Continue.
The Liverpool cotton maiket i lii m.
Judge Ould retanfbd IVomi f ortress M -nro l.i-t
night, and reporti that ths negotiations on th
exchange qaoirioti ai e favorable for the ftnrn
of all Confedei-ite prisoners durirg the next
thirty d.iys. lie j-ives no particid us of Ids inter
view with 15ntler
Gold sold in Xewr Y;: krn th. :')t!i, und.T CI.
Late from ihr, N'orl!;.
!ic:v;oii. A ji il .
Th2 Ifcrn'tl' .h ' 1'Jlh ha b-en reed red;
Dispatches from Cairo state that F irr t. nt
taeifcd I'adiirah on the afternoon 4,f t1i' j;,ih,
with seven thousand men. Three attacks on Fort
Powell were rcpuls d by the garrison, the rebels
leaving !W0 dead em the field.
Three gunboats nponcd lire on the eiy to pre
vent the rebel occupying it. During the li'tt
the rebels plundered the Mores, of an ho, Mem.
(juantfry oT goods. Srcral woo..-n wv killed.
The Vatikee b)?s, Todrtoen kille-l and fortv-flve
wounded. The front part ol the' city w:u d "sttroy
jed, ihcluiiing-a ho-it 1!, the g;is win k.- And soijjo
of thj tiii 'st resid ees. Tlnf pojt o:licf. Couit
IIous and Contiiientid -lb'tcl were urtiidared.
The rebels ret in J at night. iifVr buir.h'g the
deoot and the tramer Dee-oi.-di, which wa-oa tilt!
stocksvin the direction af ('oHumbus.
A dispatch Irom Fort Smith eaya the witnv of tho
frontier is in motion. Its supo-d dv.-tiintic!i is
Northern Jfexas.
.The llnufe of Kepu'fi M.tatives laid on the table,,
by a vote of C? to 40, the resolution grantir,:: th-j
ue of the Hall to (Jeo. Thomp'toi, the l-"n7:ii.h
AbolUionbt, for the purpose of levturiug.
The reovga'iwatiori of fhe army of the l'ot.ainas
is progrcs-irg rapidly.
On the 2St'"i gold fJll to Glj, in consequence c-f
th'ei??uhig of gold certificates, but ralli.'d at.d
ck'sed nt ii.
tht'rn Xcus, via AtM::(s.
AnavTA, April 2.
TIio Nashville l',d'm of tin 27ti c-jutaius tn'er-
esting pirtici'.ars from Forrest.' ndvnri-e it;t'
ICentneky. Ciiiro drp:it lics ,,f M,e 2 h M:t'o
thai Forrest arrived on. the 2 0 r b in Kentiuky,
divided bis pickets, and dostry.d r.tilrjal
bridges, eight miles from Columbus,
(Jer. ISryimiti, with heverJ r gimenfs of infan
try nd artillery, wout i'roui Cairo-t-i nitin 12i.:i!e
of Union City, hti t learned that C..1. II.:ukii:s,
wiih thc47ih Tennessee en valry. inid mrr-'n lered,
and the Confederates,' 11 ft c r destroy in x t lao l''r? ;Ii -ca'i-ni.
retarded s mthard, tiki-tg their prisoner.
with 1h hi.
The Federal ginbon tit llie'utirin wis with
drawn. i.-n. I5rynian Minj.'.-ed t Imvc bn.
don?d Uiekinnn nnd Union City, m of no prvcent
use to th,e ywnkee.
Advices from New Orleans, March 1 Of h, snt
that Alexandria eurrenderc 1 to Porter's llcvt
without oppo.-iiion. The yankce ca Viitry lalvati' O,
occupy Nw iCeria. (i-.ierril! is npp jjrcl in tlie
vicinity of itn Houge and Ha 1 peverwl pkjnnhh
es with the 4th Wis-Ntnc in, mur.ted iiifoiirv. Ad
, vices to the 2fith of March, states tli it the fleet is
ftiil Alexandria.
Nothing definite from Hanks and Steel, but it
id ttated that. Unks reported ccTisi icndde oj-.
position from the f nes of Dick Taylor. A New
'ork nap.'rof the L'fith.t'o 'n-td. Ins a rumor frem
AVashinton that the entire orj?ahizet tuilit ta of tho
North iii to be called into crviee for i x months,'
to hed'l certain toint during the campnign u;':diiit
lticlituoml. which i- about t(l.iio.
Irovnville advicea vi.i New 'Orleans. March
tee 18th, re-port no prospect e.f a rirht with Te.x:v.
"Wafiiixotov, March T-,.
' . A Commitfep on th" conduct (if theVar find
evidence agaiftst (Jen. Meade.
The Frei-id'ntdismihsed Col. Wooden, of th-j f'th
Ky., from service.
Kx-nxviu.K, March 23.
The governineit is issuing one thousand rations
dilr to indigent e-iti--ns. They are rerjuircd to
go North within 14 days, or t.opdrawig ration?.
Scfut- reports the reh- making active prena
ralion for an advance into Kentucky. There i.i
no doubt their cavalry ia in pon4 condition, and
two divi'f ios of infantry mounted.
San FaAxctfrn, March 23.
The Union Converltinn unanimously adrfterl
resoJatirnis dcjlarin Lincoln their liifi'choice for
the next Fretidwnt, and e-ndorin the Co igtci
eional debgation.
From Kkluuond.
KtrrmoN-rt, April 2.
Snow fell here tLii moriiing to the depth ol livo
or fix inchcF, which was followed by ruin. Jauacs
river i.s again rising. .
Death of Lieut. Col. F. 3L Kent.
Samsbuut, April 3.
L lent. Col. IV M. Knt, cotumandant of OtU
poft, died on Saturday, and was buried to-day
with military honors
. Fuudlng Confederate JIt:nCJ'.
' , . 'Lt.nciibcuc, April 2.
. The amount funded m tbls cit' 33,750,000.
t , , .yuaLOTTEsviLLR, April
The amount funded htfre bv citizen i $2, le3,7oO,
ad by officers $95, 201. Totil.fl,258.Mt. Amount
on . - tl tn - ntZm ' , ;n-, r..-.r
on hand to exchange fur new bsue, $20o,ZoJ.
Savaksau, April 2.
The amonnt of Confederate notes funded in this
city is f 11,334,500.
Macox, April 2.
There has been funded here $13,..19.CU0, besides
a large amount paid, in by disbursing a cents.
There bfs been funded in Albany, (ia., $l,4J;,2uO.
Favettkvii.u;, April 2.
Tbe amount funded here by citizen is $2,133,
200, and by di bundng oRicers $20,092.
Amount tuneled at Aujrufta, tin., la,utt.iir'v.
At Montgomery, Ala., $9,500,t00. At. Mobile,
amount funded $1.423.000 amount withdrawn
from circulation and not funded, $0,035,2 '7. At
Petersburg, Va., amount funded here $7,2O0,OUl.
At Lagrange, G a., $1,111,9U0.