f
i
THE CONFEDERATE.
WBDXESIlAY, JliT 0, 1861.
!r. Koldrn and Gcorzc N. Sanders.
To p.tily hi? inordinate desire if assailing
(J.v. Vnr', Mr. Ij.-Uen, n fni insue of the
$3'li tlii.- I ill.. :;ff-e :
- V ('. v. Vi ' c iitr.icfei with Mr.
$:iMttr f. xc'm:." n.r 5 ?i for these
01 1- I ! vcjv t, m ccrtiirt profit for
i'ct'!in t- thi rfin.--x ; h:?t y"j lroke the
r-ntr"t wi.'li nun, alt bad arrived ii
K noo -! iriu. l. Otil. McR ie.'
It i- k?wn t.. fhn puhti.. that Mr. George
.V. Sndrs cliun .1 vry eirmoas sum of
nvpey, 4moniiu to many tvjuanc's of dol
!r from t? Sfn of N.rth (bvolina, be
ra, lie Gov. Vance refused to
v. irry ;iit s4 cntri t whici he ha J mde with
!iim. Mr. Holdm; m the articlo aoove cited,
'flif.,9 this clatvi of Sander, for h unites
witii .Mr. Zander io w accusation I hat Gov.
Vanj broko hiseontrrt with 31r. Sanders,
after lie arrived iu Europe, ami yave tho bu
incs to Gl. McR.te " Novv, if this he true,
ri.e'i Gov. Vunce has vi.' -U1 the faith of tho
and an oblignti.n Tvts on North fyf'r
tifina Um Indemnity ?.!r. S;?r!t-rs for hia loss.-
Bm if, on the other hand, the accusation is
Untrue, an.l Mr. IloUku knew it to be so,
then Mr. Ifolden in in the position of li bel -Vu.il
Gov. Vance, i prornoto au unjust claim
nainst the Statu ; and ai uncharitable per
son would suppose h-; was in tbv pay of Mr.
Sander, and wan to hare the profits of the
enterprise. We do not reaoh this conclusion
against Mr. HoMju. Wo a(trihuio his accu-5ati-uainst
Gov. Y'unc? to one of his " hon
est art" of a Inning an KiWr.ary.
Tiie acdMation, hrrtraor, ii wholly vith
oat foundation, and Mr. H.jlden lully
awareof thu, vrn-ju hfl mvld U, ire shall
prove.
Ever since h-j becama a party to the t:bel
of Goj. Sander an 1 Dr. Lb, Mr. Holden
ha had in hid porsessiin tho "Appendix to
the Lifo and Tiojej of Duncan K. McRae,"
which was republished at his mTice. la that
locnBent, hin contrnot is Jt forth by Mr.
Sanders to be, that he id to "supply army
" aiores in Iare quantities, receiving in pay
' nieut Slate scrip for Naal stores at fixed
" prices." For soch scrip I will deliTer to
" yotir agent at Halifax, Nova Scotia, coffee,
"tea, boots, shoe, fixed ammunition, and
''clything, t yankee govornment prices."
TuU thea wad the contraot. Mr. Sanders
was to supply the goods, aud receive the scrip
in pymtnl. And the contract was da tod 22 id
December, 1862. ,
It appears further, from tbe same docu
ment, that Mr. Santiers never did offer auy
uch joods, and never put himself in position
to be entitled to tho scrip. la other words,
iustrad ofbein able to "supply the good3, and
receive tha Hcrip,' Mr. Sanders was allowed
to vut tho scrip on the market iu London,
from March until ruu. , r n wKiii tmn.
with all the assistance which Col. McUao,ind
Mr. White, the agent of the State for tho
Cotton Bonds, could give hini, fce entirely
foiled to execute one single stipulation of his
contract; a contract clearly on ite terms imply
i it immediate execution. In other words, Mr.
Sanders perpetrated on the Governor an im
posture ; and Mr. Ltalden makes himself an
advocate of it, with all the ligats before him.
For if it were; not manifest on the pages of
the narrative of Mr. Sanders, Mr. Holden
was quite aware that Mr. Th. F. Hughes and
Mr. Jobs Whito, beth agents of the State
then in Europe, and beth entirely reputable
gentlemen, were frequently in JUleigh, (Mr.
Hughes resides here,) and b could have ap
plied to them, and they would have inform- 1
him that Mr. Sanders never was able to
"supply" an article:' tKat his coancxion
with the scrip prevented the public from ne
gotiating for them : that no negotiation could
be effected of them until they weru withdrawn
Irora his connexion, and that then they'' were
negotiated. And these geatlemen would
have gone further, and assured Mr. Holden
how earnestly and assiduuusly Col. McRae
labored, with their aid and influence, to en
able Air. Sanders to execute his contract ; but
without success, or the hoje of it. In a few
days we shall lay before theipublic the state-
merit of Mr. White in this matter.
Mr. Holden will add to the ether claims he
will have on history, that of being the auther
f several book of libels.
In stating the articles furnished by Cel.
McRae to the State, we omitted to mention
1200 Enfield Biles, aad one hundred thousand
pounds of fixed aznmunitien, and should have
said 13,000 instead of 10,000 pair of shoes.
Perhaps Mr. Holden would like to enquire
what kind of fire arms these are ? 1m order
to ascertain, he need sot " go in among, th
soldiers and ThQoaets." The officer in charg
will tell him that they are first class guns
for use. They were selected with care, and
they cost the State fifteen barrels of cesaoon
Seeia, each. The Confederacy frequently
nya $36, and more, in gold.
Perhaps Mr. Holden night fee induoed to
try one just for a few days against the
Haiders at Gaston or Morganton. He has
property te defend, and he might show the
people how a Governor can pull a trigger.
Col. McRae will go with him any time, and
fire first, to show hint that the fiifles won't
kick. These riflsa have an " odor of naval
stores," and ever since 1840 the atmosphere
around Mr. Helden has been fragrant with
this aromatic " odor."
Sous or thx Spoils. Eighteen flat cars
loaded with artiliery and wagons, captured by
Forrest, arrived here yesterday afternoon.
Xfeu&m GUtritm lTf.
f Whethef.Gov, VrfnCf applta tr, and re
! ceive J a .'sf-l to accompany Mm mi iii vuh
I to H.iiOPon county tetrly, h bet-mc me
of Mr. 'll. ldeu's important 'oes -na. hi his
I eWri.es to mouut this rew h-hl.y, He ha
loat Night tf Gov. Browned Mr. Vice Pre-tl.-nt
Stephens, and ha sprrtng to thelclt
! witlr-iut ailing that tho na? Should be c-
coutreJ ; n.d thus Mr. Holde.i, the " ecif
j made "of infinite variety, in in the rir, on
! his new and eiegant steed, without saddle or
j bridle. ' . .
Yon (Gov. Vance) called on the officer of
I the Home Guard to eelect a wnail guard V)
I nc.'ontpanv you troni Ruihrrforfin n t Hon-
k, roii " -id this cuaidcs Mr. Holden ta
! hve an cxtraordinaty patinfactioh ; "and."
says he t Gov. Vanco, " no v yon are terrirl
; e.l." We see your knees auke, justas ou-e
i did ; your hair is all of a tiz, the same as oars
was, when on that nignt we raisec our
arm and pledged ' that it might not, if
...... - j
' eVrsoevcr so much as our little finger shou'd
! rixe gainst you." We hear yonireeth cha'
t ter ; so did oii'e its all the same we know
j tie tune. " You, whose duty it wr to extend
i to us protection and sympathy, your henrtle-s
I treatment, Governor, of one of you earliest
j and best friends, is coming home to you."
It's trne your back doo?" opeqed to oh, and
let us in when we walked away from oar own
j house, and tore to yours- It'sltruo you to k
j ns gently by the hand, and out of the "block.
ado luxuries,' ybu administered to ovf crav
ing thirst a drop ef brandy, whew we "had
hold of th horns of tho altar," and thus we
j were furnished with three horns nt the same
time, and "vary good brandy was set before
I im." All this was done when wetwere scan i
I .. .. ,
Ann we (ua nay, "innt ic imui e mar 've
differed politically, but we should--lways ffel
gjatefni him fr his persoiial conduct n
tiie occasion." Aud how "y!i an? i?ca'd
Governor; terr'fied ; and our time :iae corto to
show you how grateidl wc are. ;"We are
torry for it." Now the debt is paid, and v,-e
are eifrrf. You are better paid than is our
usual custom. "Wearesoiry foT it."
The Subsidized Presses. By an act of
Congress npproved February 17. 18o4, it ia
provided that "the Attorney Geu-md of the
Confederate States shall lyj authorized to eon- .
tract for the. publication of the acts of Gn
giess in the public gazettes,, the understand,
in bciog that they arc to bo Destiuctive ga
zettes, on the best terms he can, in no event
to exceed the ordinary fates of printing ior
private persons' Of course the Attorney
General allews these gazettes as mah as they
charge private persons. We have before us'
one of these gazettes, which publishes evtry
dajr oae column and a half of tbe laws, about
thirty squares, at three' dollars per square,
making ninety dollars per day of public money,
or five hundred and forty dollars ,per wei k.
No wonder such gazettes can exist on a small
number of subscribers, and flood the eouun p
with their issnes gratis. Standard, June 28.
The abov article is evidently intended to
sllndo to the;; Confederate i ewwpaper, mid
contains several falsehoods. Firni, our Pivss
is as clear of being "subsidized" by gsvern-
aaat or otbr pitronagn m any v 'ir public
journal in tho Confederacy the Sfaififwd not
excepted. It is controlled solely id entire
ly, withont let or hindrance from any quarter
by its publicly announced Editor, and no one
has the power to dictate a line of policy for
them. The Standard was for many years tho
medium of publication of the Laws of the old
government, "and may have been bought up to
par ty support thereby ; but we protest against
his meas uring our patriotism by his own.
Secondly It is false that the Attorney
General has not made a contract with us ic
pub lisbiug the laws, and that heailows "thete
gazettes as much as they charge private per
sons." A man who has any regard for his
veracity,' would be careful to ascertain facts,
befeie mating such untruthful statements."
Thirdly As to subscribers, we hazard not h
ing in saying that our number of bona fide sub
scribers is as large, of the daily, ti" i-vveekly and
weekly Issues as any other paper in the
State. And we do not send out fifty copies
per week, that aro not regularly subscribed and
paid for.
The Standard may send out more copies per
week, but its Editor is a sclf-mado candidate
for Governor ; and as he refuses to "harangue
the people for votes," he makes use of his
paper as an electioneering sheet, and sends out
thousands of copies free hoping to make it
PJt DJ securing his election for Governor.
But be has had his hand in, and fattened from
the public crib so long, that he can't bear tbe
idea of any one else getting a nubbin. The
greedy fellow.
The Standard asks Gov Vance" Why did
not you play the man and the Governor, by
telling the soldiers that although yon differed
with us (it) as to the policy of the peace meet
ings, yet in your opinion we were a loyal
son t hern man ?"
Perhaps . the Governor was not of that
pinion : and if not, he could not say what
Mr. Holden wanted him to declare, without
practicing a certain "art" that is very com
Bon with himself. The Governor no doubt
did not desire initiation into that degree of
4h "black art."
" Shin a yvar own Side."
The CofMervrttee says that Gev. Graham, Mr.
Gilmer, Judge Reads, Mr. 8. F. Patterson, Mr.
Warren, Mr. Boyden, Gen. Leach, and ethers,
are for Qov. Vanoe. The Progrt says they,
and many more, are for Mr. Holden. And thus
by this double aanipulatien, these distinguish
ed leaders ef eenservative polities in North
Carolina, are converted into ia'dia rubber bandy
balls, and are sainneysd about, at the divertise
ment of the players, who are cudgelling each
others shins in the amusing 'rencounter with
admirable dexterity. Shin on your own sieie.
We have no doubt, ourselves, how all the
named gentlemen are. It is a,, moral impossi
bility that either one ef them . can support the
self-made ; but why they permit themselves to
be thus used, ere confess is an enigma.
Silk aud Wouftded Kent nek (arts.
(i. An '-few. II. II. Dawson, of Mobile,
Altiln.a, ill ..li!res tb citizens of Warren
-couiitr,. at IheCon'it House in Wai ronton, on
Satnrdaj tho sreond ly of July. :n bf-haif
of tlie hick nd wounded soldiers frotn Ken
tncky in the Confederate service; and we aln
understand that at 8 cchck, on Monday eve-1
ning next, he will deliver a lecture on " Na
tional Honor." for the earns purpose, ia the
Commons Hall, in the Capitol.
We trttst wherever he may speak in North
Carolina, that our people will give Hm a
hearing and liberal contributions.
The cause" he represents U n roost no
ble one, and bo conduct it in a most hon
orable manner. lie invariably places the
management of the finances nnder the con
trol of some local association, and they re
c?ive the fnuds contributed, and send it by
tho Express te the President of the Kentnky
Relief Association, at Atlauta, Georgia. This
course upon hi part, nVonce pute upon
his mission fho highest seal of honor,
and secures for it the confidence tand
sympathy of aft. We have seen most com
plimentary notices of his lectures, t&ken from
the S jlma Reporter and the South Carolinian.
jfor th Confederate.
Raleigh, June 80, 1864.
M?&rs. Editors i Having very recently
arrived at home from the army, and seeing
some statements in ene of the papers of this
city, of remarks made by Gov. Vance to the
soldiers last winter, In his speech to Cooke's
brigade, and knowing, and being able if it is
necessary, to prove that thoy are false, I take
this method of publicly contradicting them.
One of these statements is, that Gov. Vance
mid "Le was in favor of fighting the yankees
until hell freezes over and until it was so fall
of dead Yankees that their feet Would stick
out of the windowp." I was within twenty
feef of the Governor when he made that
speech, and I listened attentively to him, and
I am perfectly sure that he made no such re
mark, and am equally as sure that the man
who says he heard him mako it, is conscious
.that he is making a fatso statement when he
says so.
1 understand that sodCfe Wounded soldier
from the 48th N. C. regiment now in the
hospital in Raleigh, says ho heard the remark.
If that ma, or "any other ma&," will come
out over his own name and say so, I will bring
the proof that he has misrepresented the mat
ter. I am a member of the 48th regiment
mypelf ; I herd the Governor when he spoko
te Ramseur's brigade and also to Cuoko's, and
I know I can prove what I say.
Another instance in which the opponents
of Gov. Vance do him injustice, is this: He
is represented to have said that if " the boys
would whip Grant this spring, he would give
them each a bottle of whiskey ;" and they try
to make capital against him out of that, by
sayintj it was an electioneering promise, made
to curry favor, &c. WbII it might have,
sounded so.if he had finished the sentence there;
but he went on further aud said in the very
next breath, that Mf they didn't whip Grant,
be (Gov. V ) would come back there with a
wgo whip and, single handed, would thrash
tho last mother's son of them himself." Now,
why did not t heso faithful reporters (?) of
that speech report thtfwholo of that remark ?
I can't see, unless it be that misrepresentation
is & constitutional failing with some raon ; and
although they would not willingly misrepresent
man, or lie a"vut liim, yt farce, (fhuhit is so
strong wnh ttfrem, that they cannot possibly
help it. .
Some)f those who oppose Gov. Vance,
fondly hope that he will not carry the army
vote. Poor deluded mortals, fhey will not
come nute the light that they may see, until it
will be too late for them to repent of their
foil y. There is not a shadow of a doubt but
that Gov. Vance will carry tbe army vote by
an overwhelming majority.
Yours truly,
DAN," 48th N. C. T.
The writer of the abeve nete has given us
his name, aud assured us in a personal inter
view, that the statements made are trae, and
that ho will sustain them by the evidence of
any number of witnesses, when he shall return
to the army. He also authorizes us to say,
that if "the wounded soldier of the 48th,"
now in hospital here, will make the assertion
over his proper signature, of the truthfulness
ef the allegation against Gov. Vance, that his
denial shall also appear over his proper
narce. Eds.
From tie Aeheyille News.
At a meeting of the citizens of Ashevilla,
held at the Court House, on Saturday, June
18, 18C4, called for the purpose of giving ex
pression to their regrets at the fall of the late
Lieutenant General Leonidas Polk. N. W.
Woodfia, Esq., was called to the chair, and
B. J. Aston appointed Secretary.
Col. J. A. Fagg moved that a committee of
three be appointed to draft a suitable preamble
and resolutions, expressive of the sense of the
meeting, whereupon Cols.J. A. Fagg, Stephen
Lee, and R. W. Pulliam, were appointed to
compose said committee.
After a few moments the committee, through
their chairman, Col. Lee, presented the follow
ing preamble and resolutions, which were
unanimously adopted :
It having pleased Almighty God to remove
from his post of great honor and usefulness,
the Rt. Rev. Bishop Leonidas Polk, Lieuten
ant General in the Army of the Southern Con
federacy ; while we bow with profound sub
mission to the fiat of the. Judge of all the
earth, yet we feel that He will forgive us if,
in our blindness and weakness, we deplorethis
event, apparently so disastrous to the cause of
the country, and mingle our tears with the
family called upon to offer such a costly sacri
fice on the altar of duty. Therefore,
Resolved, That in the sudden death of Lieut.
General Polk the Confederacy has lost one of
its strongest supports, and the Church of
Christ a bright and shining light.
Resolved, That we deeply sympathize with
the bereaved widow and children of tha de
ceased patriot.
Resolved, That these proceedings be publish
ed in the Asheville News and Raleigh papers,
apd a copy be sent to Mrs. Gen. Polk, x
On motion, the meeting adjourned.
N. W. WOODFIN, Ch'n.
E. J. Astoh, Sec'y.
Obthak Exdowmkht Jvxd. Dr. Charles F.
Deems, the Agent for the collection of funds for
this neble charity, addressed our eititens on last
Friday. He is truly an eloquent and nownrfnl
1 speaker, and inspired ' by bis sublime mission
fcwa atuugui. iu uic ucris ui a ia nearers. ne
best evidence of his ability is found in "the
amount subscribed at this place, nearly $25,000.
Aehcille ATr.
1
For the C&iitederate.
Monroe, Union Co , N. C , Juno 27, 18G4.
It is pretty generally believed that W. W.
linden is destitute of politic! .integrity, ana
hence all confidence in the Standard ' dis
carded. Thousands contemn hi arpiments
a fophintry, detect ffls Assumed pntriotiiiin
as hvpccri.y. nd hi niooth, fluent editorials
as theernai'rttioos ofa heart deceitful alxve ail
thing and desperately wicked. Degraded in
reputation, he will find it difficult to induce
any none?t, intelligent man to credit either his
assumptions or assertion, or believe, notwith
standing all bis pretended love for the dear
ones or home, as his laudations of North Car
olina soldiers, that ho has -nc drop oT patriot- "
ic blood flowing in his. veins. Were ho a
roan of political truth, or coniteney, his
declarations and professions would hnve some
weight with the people. Bti it is, his ouly
cbanecs to acquire popularity or fame is among
the uninformed, the ignorant, and the vile and
worthless, whom he may lead to conclude
that Jeff. Davis will not h"ar the truth, and
that Z B. Vance is vnlgar and smutty ; that
the fermeris not fit for President of the Con
federacy nor the latter for Governor of North
Carolina. To' ensure his success the, esteem
aDd confidence of the people would contribute
more than the substarjee ef all he has over
written. If truth nnd honor; virtue and pa
triotism.couldjappeal in person and speak with
a human voice, what they would sy, is, pre
cisclii what has been said by rniaay, relative to
tho sham-patrioi, W. W. Holden. He may
give utteraace to noble, generous and patriotic
sentiments,' but the universal testimonial of
the public voice will be, that they re the
ebullitinns of a demagogue, thirsting after the
honors that come from men. Henay indeed
become great a great criminal, if ho is not
actually one already but a gre tt man, or
worthy tebe Governor in his preeut degraded
and hypocritical condition? he never can be;
as long as virtue, honor, integrity, truth and
patriotism are held sacred in North Carolina.
I read attentively the Standard of the 22d
In9t., and was amused at some of its preten
sions to innocency and truth. He quotes
largely' from the Progress, and proves, in a
forcible, fetbU way, by "Forsyth" and a
4 Soldier," that what ? See the copy.
But it sickens the heart, that liberty of speech
should be so wretchedly abused by any man,
St s'ich a crisis as the present. Ills allusions
to McRae, Vance, Jeff Davis, and manjr more
whose names he states, aro nauseating "in the
extreme. "When I asked for tho paper to
read, a frifnd observed to me, " it will act
liko an emetic " it should be used after a
cathartic.
A reputation for integrity and intelligence
should to a certain degree be established, be
fore a citizen can obtain a seat in our; legisla
tive bodies, and enjoy the rihf taking a
part in their debates. Polluted characters
should never be ushered into thro halls of leg
islation, much loss into tho Governor's chair.
Uprightness of character is the most effectual
passport to office, and the most certain in
strument for acquiring influence in it.
Without it, the most brilliant eloquence losos
half its lustre with it, every faculty of
speech acquires a ten-fold energy. The alxe
is the emetic effect of t'ie Standard f the 22d
instant, on Yours, truly,
J. F. LEK, M. D.
P. S. Is W. W. Holdea guilty of slautler ?
Is he not a traitor ?
THE " ORPHAN FUND" IN THFWEST.
Mb. Editor : In the last f ourteen days, I
have delivered twelve speeches and sermons
in nine of the Western counties. rlhe sub
scriptions have been as follows:
Cabarrus, $ 1,000 Buncombe, $23,940
Lincoln, 13 576 McDowell, 5,180
Cleaveland, 15,120 Burke, 8,850
Rutherford, 7,669 Cldwell, 13,650
Henderson, 4,883 Catawba, 3,450
Making in all, if my hasty account be correct,
97,418.
In addition there are donations of gold, and
of a tract of land, value not yet ascertained,
bringing tho total to about $100,000. In
some of the counties, other donations have
been made since I left. The labor and travel
have been severe, but greatly cheered by uni
form kindness and hospitalities. I hare
brought from the hills swtet myrrh for mem
ory. I published appointments before I knew
that Gov. Vance was to visit the west. We
come together. It is but common justice to
say that His Excellency, in courtesy and en
dorsement of ray mission, did much to make
my tour profitable and pleasant, Indeed, all
right-minded men, of all parties, are ready to
aid a work so catholic, so patriotic, so just and
so noble.
The subscribers in the several counties will
find the subscription papers in the hands of
the following gentlemen :
Lincoln county, Col. Michal,
Cleaveland county, Dr. Miller,
Rutherford do Dr. Craton,
Henderson do Rev. Mr. Burnett,
Bumcombe do Messrs. Taylor & Wood,
McDowell- do Rev. Mr. Edwards,
Bnrke do W.F McKesson, Esq.,
Caldwell do J..R. Wilson, Esq.,
Catawba de M. M. McCorkle, Esq.,
It is earnestly requested that the subscrip
tions bo closed by bend or cash as soon as prac
ticable, as nothing is really accounted until
so received.
Very respectfully
CHARLES F. DEEMS.
Not Agreed. The "Raleigh Conservative
urges Mr. Holden to withdraw, give in his
adhesion to Gov. Vance, and do away with
the political excitement. We hope) lie will
do no such thing. That would be to "scotch
the snake, not kill it." We wish to have
done now and forever, with the political aspi
rations of Mr. W. W. Holden. And if he
runs now and he cank well help doing so
the object will be accomplished;, he will be
beaten so far out of sight that he will never
again be a candidate for. Governor. If ho
were to withdraw now, he would sometime
hence set up a claim to bo elected because of
tnai ast.
Of all the ridiculous pretences that we have
ever seen in the course of our experience, the
following from Mr. Maiden's smaller organ in
Raleigh is the climax :
"Wake, Johnston, Granville, Chatham
Harnett, Cumberland and ether neighboring
counties will all go for ;Mr. Holden by largo
majorities.
"The leading Destructives here, all of
whom support Gov. Vance, have abandoned
all hopes of his election."
We cannot speak for Wake, Johnston, &.;
but the idea that Cumberland is going for
Holden by a large majority, is decidedly rich.
Why wepositively declare that wt do not
know by name, either of our own knowledge
or on the authority of any one else, a single
man in this county who avpws that he will
vote for Holden. We occasionally hear of a
man whose neighbors suspect him of such an '
f retention. Fay. Observer.
TELEGRAPHIC
REPORTS Or THE PKKcSn ASSOCIATION.
jaten.d according to act ef Ongre in the year
1863, br J. K. Tnaisnsa, in the Clerk' efSee
of the District Oeurt ef the Confederate Statee
for the Northern District of Oeerf ia.
-GOLDSBOliO', June S9tb. On Monday a
? .ding party of Vinkeee or Tories, under Col.
irk, 300 to 400 strong, entered Morganton, at
the head of the Western S. C. Railroad, captured
sonte reserves, robbed the bank and destroyed a
train of cares. The Haiders are said t$ havo
come from East Teencsjoe.
Kauri's raiJcN have gone to Grant. They
crossed tho Pctcrsbnrg and Weidun road near"
Hell fie Id.
We foaen that the Bank had removod its fundi
to a safe place. Eds. CusrsBERKTS.
Latfftt from Virginia.
Wl&MINOTOtf, June 39th. The Journal has
received the llicbtnond Enquirer of the 27th June,
through a private source. It reports the enemy
on the 27th on the Petersbug and Weldon Rail
road near Brick House, abotft seven miles south
of Petersburg.
The following telegram taken from Enquirtr,
dated Petersburg, June 25tb, says: No fight'og
none expected to-day. Scouts say Grant told bis
men that ChtiDg ha ended, and that a seige on
Richmond had began.
Despatches dated Petersburg, Juno 27th, say
all quiet yesterday and so-day, satc hcv can
nonading awhile this morniu on the ceotre. Re
sult unknown.
A severe cavalry fight took plaec near Nottaway
C. 11.' Thursday between Wilson aad Dcarinf's
men, Continuing from 2 o'clock till dark. Tbe
enemy retreated under cover of darkness. Thirty
three prisoners captured and brought in. Tbe
enemylost many in killed and wounded. Oar
loss small. Wilson stealing fresh horses and shoot
ing his jaded 4 ones.. Oar men report tbe road
strewn with them.
Tbe damage dono to the Southtide Railroad Is
very great.
HDQ'TUS ARMY NORTHERN VA.,: Jon
23th Secretary War: Sir Gen. W. H. P. Lee
pnrsued the enemy's cavalry which advanced
along the Southside Railroad. lie had a kirmisb
en tho 22d near Dinwiddie C. II., and the next day
struck their col umn in flank near Black & vVhites
cutting it in two and getting possession of tbe
Road by which they were moving towards Not
toway C. H. The road was held, after an engage
ment which continued from 12 m. until dark, the
enemy making repeated attempts to break through
and rejoin his advance. He withdrew from Gen.
Lee's front t daylight on the 24th, leaving his
dead and wounded on the field, taking the road to
nungary town and Keysvitle. Gen. Fitz Lee is
still following them.
(Signed) a R. E. LEE, Gen.
IIDQ'TRS A. N. Va.', June 25th, 9 p. m.
S. .rotary War Sir: Our entiro loss yesterday
morning was ninety seven killed and wounded,
two -hundred and nine missing.
Nothing of moment ha occurred tr-day on the
lines in front of Bermuda Hundreds and around
Petersburg.
Gen. Hampton reports that the enemy's cavalry
advanced yesterday to Nance's shop and entrench
ed themselves there. He attacked them and drove
them from their works, pursuing them until 9 p.
m. to within two miles of Charles City C. H. They
loft their dead on the field, and along the route.
Great credit is due to Geo. Hampton and his com
mand, for.thelr handsome success.
(Sis jed.) R.E.LEE.
On Friday, Hugood's brigade, was thrown for
ward as skirmishers and nearly fonr hundred
captured.
LYNCHBURG, June 25. Gentlemen who left
our forces on Thursday, five miles beyond Salem,
on Newcastle road, say Hunter's army came near
being captured at that point. Their escape was
dne only to delay in delivering orders. The ene
my was so hard pressed that he destroyed Tns am
munition train, one mile long. Oar informant
saw it blown up. A portion of our forces are re
ported to have taken a large wagon train and a
number of prisoners; The enemy oh his retreat
destroyed Bonsack's woolen factory, in Roanoke
county.
Fron 0 to.. Johcstea's Amy
MARIETTA, June 28. The severe punishment
inflicted upon the enemy yesterday by Gens. Has
dee and'Loring, has rendered them very quiet to
day . One of our officers in authority called to tbe
yankee commander that as an set of humanity
we would cease firing, to .give them an opportunity
to carry off their wounded, as they were in danger
of being burned alive; which was done.
The result of the astanlt of tbe enemy was fright,
ful. In front of Clebnrn"s division they lost over
ono thousand alone, while in Cheatham's front it
was much greater. One hundred and fifty will
oover our loss.
Walker's division skirmished with great hero
ismnine out of eleven men being bayoneted in
the. rifle pits, while their officers actually cut down
the enomy with sabres. Two of our officers from
the same pit came in with bayonet wounds, while
their clothes were perfectly perforated. . Sergeant
Jackson seized a shell while the fuse was lighted
and threw it from the pit in whioh it fell. He was
promoted on the field to a Lieutenancy by Gen.
J ackson , but he modestly declined it
Sergt. W. J. Walthy, Co. I, 29 th Tenn. Reg's.
VAghn's brigade, leaped over tbe breastworks,
seised the standard given by Buford to the 29th
Illinois regiment, wrested it from its bearer, and
brought it triumphantly to camp; for which daring
act, Gen. Hardee preeented it to the gallant Ser
geant. It was inscribed Belmont Union city
Stone River.
The enemy made a desperate attempt to take
Kenesaw mountain. They attacked our works in
columns of picked troops, but were driven back
with a loss estimated at 3519.
plBg!jglIMJI 1
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA,
ITT UonsTTT.
Court of Pleas and Quarter Sessions May
x erm, ibos.
Henry Sheppard, Adm'r of)
Jos. A. Williams, decM V
vs. Petition to divide
Distributers of I Slaves.
Jos. A. Williams, deceased, j
IT APPEARING TO THE SATISFACTION
of the Court, that R. R. Foreman add wife,
defendants in this case, are non-residents of this
State : Itis ordered by the Court, that publica
tion be made for six weeks in the Confederal,
notifying the said defendants of the filing of this
petition, to appear aad answer, Ac, at the next
Term of thir Court, or judgment pro cemfeeeo will
be granted against them.-
GEO. A. DANCEY, C. C. C.
iune 8-19w6t
-
Bank or tbe State cf North Carolina
The general meeting of the Stockholdi&s
of this Bank, wUl be held on the FIRST MON
DAY in July next, at their Banking House in the
City of Raleigh. C. DEWEY, Agent.
UaleigU, June 9, 189. U6-oaw4t
Candidates' Cards.
MANY tltlxcns and Soldiers will vet c
forCspt. JOHN F. OANCT, amotsuita
ble.man for the times, to represent Kdeoiabe aid
Wilson Counties in the Honre of Commons, of
the next General Assembly. Without authority
ef Capt. Dancy juno 21-125-dte
To ihi Soldiers and Citizen Voters of C faint
A T Tilt. SOLICITATIONS OF MANY
V friends, I efTer mjself a candidate tor re-election
to represent thocnauty f Craron ia tbVHoase
fOramen?, in tho neat )cgilat9re of North
Carolina If elected, I will scire va to the best
f my ability, a' all times guarding well vour
interests. T. II. UASKJtfS,
Jaae H-HB-dte 1st Lt. Co. B, C7th Kgt. N C T
For the sheriffalty of i rare n We are
anthoritcd to announce, that A J,KA A NDr.K
('. LATHAM is a candid it for re-ele-tion te tbe
;Ece of Sheriff, in the county of Craven,
may 24-lOl-dtr.
FOR KHKRIKF.
WK ARK AUTHORISED TO ANNOUNCE
THOMAS J WI11TAKKK, a candidate for
reelection to the oflice ("Sheriff Tor the county
f Jones. jnae 'I lOS-dtf
for stiRRirr or wilsox.
WE ARE REQUESTED TO ANNOUNCE
W. W. BATTS, as a candidate for Sheriff
of Wilson county, at the enute election.
Jejner's Depot, June 15. 121-tde.
Granville. County.
WE are authorise! te announce Dr. W. P.
YOUN0, ef the army of Northern Yir.
ginia, as a candidate for a seat in tbe Voa ef
Conraons t represent the people of Granville in
ur next Legislature. He will support Governor
Yance for re-election as Governor for tbe next
term. ju 10-HS-tf
FOR THE IIOUSE OF COMMONS.
JTe the Soldier t and Cititen (veJcn) ef WiUen
and Edgecombe Countiee .
HAYING BEEN STRONGLY SOLICITKw
by taany of the leading citizen of Wil
sen and Edgecombe, I take this method U an
nounce myself as a candidate to represent yea in
the Honse of Commons of the next LcgiMatnre. I
was born and raised among yon, and f flatter my
self that mv past and present course of life and
public sentiments are somewhat known to yen ;
and should yon honor me with your conidence,
by electing me one of your representatives, my
future conduct shall be in accordance with my
past professions and action?. I fH a deep interest
in our strnggle for independence, and beartilf
endorsejhe measures that have been adopted for
its accomplishment. Believing that our raters are
actuated by pare and patriotic motives, 1 am in
favor of constantly manifesting to them our high
appreciation of their labors, and cheering and
sustaining them when bad men abuse and fiilify
them, and seekg to undermine onr confidence in
their integrity and patriotism. I am in favor ef
makitg ample provisions for tbe soldiers and
soldier's families, believing it a high public duty
to provide by suitable legislation ter eery neces
sary want, so as te relieve the minds of our brave
defender! from all care and anxiety on account of
their support aad comfort.
LARRY D. FARMER.
Wilson, N. Jnne , 1SU. jn 8 114 J3w
TO THE CITIZENS, SOLDIERS AND MF
FUG EES OF, PASQUOTANK COUNTT.
WE are antberized to announce GEO. W.
HINTON, a candidato to represent Pas
ouotank county in tbe next House of Commons.
ma lt-89-dtwAwte
TO THE VOTERS OF CRATEK CO C NTT.
TELLOW CITIZENS AND SOLDIERS i I
L announce myself a candidato for re-election
to the Senate for the next Term of our Legisla
ture. During the past Term, I have endeavored
t discharge wy duties faithfully, and accArdiag
te my ability. I thank you for the honor yen
have heretofore done me, and hope to merit your
continued confidence and support.
Your Obt Serv't.
jfune 14 121-dte NATHAN WHITrORD.
WAKE COUIfTY.
THE SHERIFFALTY. We are authorized and
requested te announce W. H. HIGH, Esq., as
a candidate for re-election to the office of Sheriff,
at the election in Angust. ju lT-tde-dAw
To the Soldiers and Voters of Martin
County.
HAYING been repeatedly solicited by many
friends in and out f tbe army, I havo con
sented to announce myselfas a candidate to repre
sent tbe county ef Martin in the House of Com
mons of tbe next General Assembly of North Caro
lina. As to tbe policy ef tbe country, I will simp
ly state, that 1 believe tbe surest way to obtain a
Cermanent and early peace, is for tbe people at
one to support the Administration of the Presi
dent, and to do all in their power to ameliorate tho
condition of the soldiers' families. Having, I trust,
faithfully served my country in tbe field for tbe
last three years, I flatter myself that I know some
thing of a soldier's life, and that I feel for bim an
interest that no one el.-e can feel who ban not borne
with him Ws toils and privations. His interest
is tbe interest of our common countrv. 1 am a
Yancc man and am "tooth and toe nail" opposed
to Holden. I will simply add, that f elected to
tbe position, it is not my intention to leave tbe
army, and during tbe time not spent in the Leg
islative Halls, I will be found, as in duty bound,
with my gallant Regiment, sharing with them the
fortunes ef war. If elected, tbe interest of both
citizens and soldiers shall be served to the best of
my ability. If not, I cheerfully abide their decis
ion. Very Respectfully,
CHAS. W. KNIGHT,
Lieut. Col. 31st N. C. T.
June 9, 1864. U9-d2Ct
Johnston County. We are authorised
and requested to announce tbe fallowing gen
tlemen as toe Conservative candidates to repre
sent the county of Johnston ia the next General
Assembly :
For the Senate THOS. D. SNEAD, E-q. For
tbe Commons W. G. BANKS and W. A. SMITH.
This ticket was selected by tbe Reserves from
Jphnston, in camp at Golds boro, aad by a mass
meeting of the citizens remaining at home, held
at Smithfield on the 28th of May. These gentle
nen will be supported by all true Conservatives.
They endorse tbe platform ef Vice President
Stephens, Gov. Brown and W. W. Holdea, and
if elected will do all they can to procure an early
and honorable peace Jnne 3 110 die.
Jam Authorised to Aauoance K. A. Pol
of Caldwell County, as a candidate to repre
sent tbe Senatorial District composed of tbe
Countiee of Caldwell, Burke and McDowell, ia
tbe next Oeaeral Assembly of North Carolina.
juno 18 13-d4w.
- SHERIFF OF CATAWBA COUNTY.
WE are authorised to announce that JONAS
CLINE is a candidate for re-election to the
crSceof Sheriff of Catawba County in August
next. Juno 27. 18C4. dte.
COMMITTED
TO THE JAIL'OE WAKE COUNTY, AS A
runaway, on tbe 6th of May, a negro wo
man, who says her name is SALLY BRYANT,
and that she was raised in Jones county, by Jo.
Finch. She bad on when committed a red cot
ton dress. She is about 25 years old, 5 feet 2 inch
es high, slender, color black, two upper front
teeth out, and rather slow spoken. The owner
of said negro is requested to oome forward, prove
property, pay charges an (Stake ber away, or she
win be dealt with as the law directs.
W. H. HIGH, Sheriff.
92-dltAwtf
STATE OF VOfiTQ CAROLINA. '
Ashe County.
Superior Court of Law, Spring Term 1804.
JobaC. Plummer)
. Original Attachment.
Ralph Blevins.
It appearing to tbe satisfaction ef tbe Court that
the defendant Ralph Blevins is not within the
jurisdiction of this Court : It is ordered that pub
lication be made ia tbe week It Confederate for six
weeks, commanding the said defendant to be and
appear at the next term of the Superior Courts of
aw to be held for tbe county of Ashe, at the
Court House in Jefferson, on tbe 4th Monday after
the 4th Monday in August next, then and there
to plead and replevy in the said cause, otherwise
final judgement will bo rendered against bim.
Witness E. C. Bartlette Clerk of ur said Court
at oflice tbe 4th Monday after tbe 4th Monday la
February, 1864. . 0. BARTLETE, C, S. C.
Jnne 29 wt