THE CONFEDERATE.
WEDNESDAY, April 13, 18GI.
The Confederate authorities haTe begun the
important duty of calling oat the military
strength cf the nation. It is a responsible end
delicate trust,. and the Government has evinced
the most earnest anxiety to regard the State
ulaims, and at the same time to serva the ne
eMsities of the nation. -
To Cii the armies of the .Confederacy, is of
the last and most vital importance. To have a
full force to meet and conib.it the enemy to
hire further resources of men to guard as
tillable points, siud then a formidable reserve
to rely on iu au unforeseen emergency to com
plete a victory or retrieve a disaster these are
some of the objects of the military bill, upon
which orders have just issued to the Bureau of
Conscription. A careful reading of these orders,
at ouce discloses the earnestness of the Govern
ment in its efforts to secure every interest in
dividual, social, State aud national. Boards of
Examiners for ench -county, are to aid the enrol
ling oScers in "settling applications for ex
emption and detail. They are to be selected
from men already in the service, between 45 and
50; and on their impartial and faithful per
formance of duty depends their own exemption ;
and their aid is to be given in all applications
lr detail or exemption for "agricultural or
otbr industrial pursuits." This board is to bo
constituted of ' three of the most reliable and
intelligent citizens,, " to be appointed by the
Commandant of the State the object of the
Government being to secure impartiality, ca-
pacity, zeal and discretion. Local' and Con
gressional enrolling officers are to supervise the
proceedings of these boards, and report their
delinquencies. - "
Applications for exemptions and details are
guarded by every possible care, to prevent wrong
to the citizen or to the Government; and the
whole series of instructions show3 thought,
study and intention to maintain the national
interests, in the way least irksome to the in
dividual, and at the same time to secure to the
agricultural and industrial pursuits' au ample
supply of labor.
And now the question arises, how will the
Government be met? That the necessity Is
urgent, there is no doubt ; that the whole power
of the land is required, every intelligent mind
feels. On the successful operation of the last
military bill may, and'wiil depend, in a great
degree, the spee iy acquisition of our inde
pendence or a future prolongation of the war,
with a further increase of peril, suffering,
cudurauce an! cost of treasure and life. From
the council seat at Washington, -from the
northern press, an J from the movements in front,
the indications fiord abundant evidence of the
designs of the enemy. A strong concentrated
. effort will be made to achieve an early and
signal success, in the hope to retard. or prevent
influences in our behalf which are each day
developing. To meet this effort, numerical
strength is dsmauderl. Whoever hus been iu
the tield has srey how essential has the need of
men been iu every bittle. When our soldiers'
have toiled, unJ watched, and fought, and driven
the fe off the field, all tbat was necessary to
a complete, decisive victory, was a few fresh
troops who had not been eugaged ia the labors
of the fight, to take up and posh the pursuit.
But we .never hid them; aud thus what waj
otherwise a clear triumph, failed of its fruits
from waut of completion European military
men, who are not quite familiar with our re
sources nd opportunities, wonder greatly that
Manassas, Chancellorsville, and Fredricksburg,
tthonld result iu nothing more than immense
laughter aud the driving back of the enemy.
Familiar with their own decisive battles, where
columns were routed in an open space aud pur
sued, as from Waterloo, by a multiplicity of
routes, with abundant cavalry and fresh re
ervci, they arc wholly ignorant of any reason
why a discomfited enemy should be able to
-se ipe, nil' one of thos dread days of punish-,
raeut which our gallant army has been wont to
inflict. They do not conceive the paucity of
our numbers their actual employment without
any reserve the density of our forests, and the
disproportion of open ground to woods the
fewness of the roads, and the facilities thus
afforded for a battered force to draw off under
e over of night, and make good their escape. It
is iu our p-jwer now, ifallmeu enter fully into
. the nitioual necessities and use their best efforts
to aid the military authorities, to put into the
field the best display of force which we have
miJe siuce the war began.
If a punctilious stickliug forsme imagina
ry Stji'e rights does not intervene, a noble
army cauUe embodied, and a vast amount of
uselesK. and worse than usehss Material can
be leneficially employed.
We shall commence to take up the various
axempts of State officers, and point them out
to the (J jvternor's attention.- The army look
for fair, strict dealing -iu this matter; tbey
hive a right to expect that all others who are
able ?4uuM ht sent to help them "If ever
there bo a time for united, vigorous action,
that tin.e is now upon jis.
"A Soldier" writes us from WilmingtoD,
complaining of ths. chaplains nut giving the
sick soldier their attention, and of the diffi
culty of procuring their services to give the
dead christian burial ; but as no name is given
us, of course we cannot publish the communi
cation. But if his complaint he trne, the
chaplains deserve exposure and the reproba
tion of the world.
Lawrence W. Peyton, of the second Ken
tucky cavalry, and son of Ex-Congressman
Peyton, of Kentucky, was murdered in cold
blood, recently, while a prisoner at Point
Lookout. It appears that young Peyton had,
for some insolence of the sergeant of tho guard,
told him that he was a suitable companion
for negroes, and pointed to a negro guard who
had been detailed to receive the prisoners.
Some exchange of hard words took place, when
the Yankee sergeant drew a revolver and shot
tha helpless prisocei dead on the spot.
The Voice of th Army. .
A gentleman hns.sb.wn us a letter from an
intelligent soldi frm Wake county, writ
ten in the privacy ifcd confidence of friend
ship ; and in it is manifested the Jeep anxiety
which its felt by our brftve men in the army
for the honor, reputation and safety of ti.-ir
good old mother State. The writer, amid
the colds, exposure, hardships aud dangers
of the field, writes to his friends and fellow
citizens at horLe, in the enjoyment of homo
comforts, home privileges and safety, that he
and his brave comrades have (ears and alarms,
lest they be betrayed into shame and sorrow
by those who are not capable of appreciating
the terrible struggle that they are waging for
their country's liberty and independence.
He tell us that " the array is all right now,
and win remain so, if not tampered with by
the traitors sent from hoofe, to mislead and
deceive tbjmY'.
Shall this feeling of distrust towards these
at home, be allowed to continue by fbe doubt
ful (if not wcrse) course they pursue ? Or,
rather, will not the people at home the ti ne
men men who go for Governor Vance, the
success of the Confederacy and the indepen
dence of the nation shall not these give such
clear and unmistakable evidences of their pym
pathy and co-operation with our brave troops
as shall inspire them with new ardor, dispel all
denbt from, their minds as to the position
North Carolina, through the votes of a deci
ded majority of her people, will occupy, aud
give them assurance to hold up their heads
among the most devoted aud ardent sons of
the South, and cfaim for her as decided and
unequivosal a character as that claimed by
any of her proud, sisters 1
Such, we feel sure, will be the response of
the people at home, by l.irge majorities, by the
nomination ot candidates for the Legislature
of the real, tried and true men- and by their
election, with that of Governor Vance, by
the overwhelming voice of condemnation .
agaiit those whoaO course and policy is to
degrade and ruin, and then betray our State
into the bauds of the'yankee enemy.
The letter in .Question, closes with the fol
lowing paragraph conceruing candidates for
the Legislature for this county:
" Are the true men going to run any candi
dates for the Legislature in Wake ? If thereare
any ether candidates in the field, they ought to
be beaten. Kun your best men and let every
talking man in the county help your candi
dates. Let them arouse the people apd redeem
the country. The peopleef Wake have been
deceived misled ; but give them ligltV
inspire them with hope teach them and
make them feel that all is not lost"; that their
homes and little ones cau yet be protected
and that those who teach otherwise only teach 1
to betray them, and you can effect a revolu
tion even in Wake. Not, only that, but you
will give hope and courage to the army.
Our boy 8 will fuel as they have not felt since
1861 thaf the hearts and prayers of our
countrymen are sustaining them : and when
they again meet the foe, it will bo with a
firmer tread and a more defiant shout than that
trembling foe has yet heard."
What patriotic heart can resist this appeal,
coming from our soldiers who are righting fur
the lives, liberties, property and homes of
those they have left at home?
The Food Question.
We believo that the country abounds with
food for man and beast. That corn-cribs are
overflowing, smoke-houses are filled with
bacon, granaries with wheat and mills with
flour. And yet this vast storehouse of supplies
has been closed to the pedplb, and the gaunt
form of necessity is stalking through the land.
The fact lhat provisions are tobc bad some-'
j times at enormous pi-ices, argues c ou.-lasively
tnat tho articles are in the country ; and tho
question arises, icho is to blanie that these
necessaries are nut to be had now, when the
public want is so great ? The men for whose
protection our ;irinie3 are struggling, and in
defence of whoi-e interests, as a cotemporary
has expressed it, a holocaust of human lives
have been offered, stand idly by, hugging their
paltry dollars and groaning over the griefs of
the Confederacy. If money is t j .beroade,
none are sooner in the mart of speculation,
with eager eves and grasping hands to add to
their store; but if a sacrifice of personal in
terest demanded, or if they are called upon
to do a substantial act of duty to their fellows,
they draw back into their shells -and bufy
themselves in the darkness of their o?vn nar
row natures.
There is not a passing day on which the
living illustrations of these remarks may not
be seen by every reader of this article. They
are the people who are hoarding their supplies,
chuckling over the ease with which they-have
grouud out from the widow aud orphan the
taxes they am reluctantly compelled to pay,
arid boasting of the thousands.of bush -U of
corn and pounda of baeo-i which, wkin
the demaud exceeds the supply, they mu-iivi
to put into the market. Thank Gv-d for tho
many honorable exceptions tolhe ruvj which
the war hasyleveloped, but we fear that it the
religion of man is to ba measured, by their
riches acquired during this struggle, in 6pec
ulating on the necessities of the people, a vast
number of Confederate citizens will bo missing
from "Heaven's celestial throng."
Though the mills of Ood grind slowly,
Yet tbey grind exceedingly small,
Though with patience He stands waiting,
With exactness grinds He all.
In conducting a public journal, no gentle
man of refined, virtuous sensibilities, will
permit himself, or allow another to degrade
it, by the insertion of gross personal vitupera
tion and blackguardism, which is insulting
and disgusting to its readers, aud maliciously
and wickedly untrue. But if there ba a man
found so lost to all sense of self respect and the
decencies and-proprieties of life, as to permit
this he sinks at once to the degraded level of
him whom he thus suffers to use his journal ;
and both descend to a depth of infamy and
contempt which exclude them from mention
by honorable eoUmporaries.
Soft Soap.
"Soft Soap Is easily made ia the following man
ner: Take twenty pounds of grease, two pounds
of rosin, eighteen pounds of best potash, or more
if it iu not strong, . and thirty gallons of water ;
melt the grease; and rosin together, and strain into
a brrel, dissolve the potash in a few gallons of
tbo water, pour it on the grease, and stir it well,
add the remainder of the water gradually, and
keep stirring untttall is thoroughly incorporated."
Another Recipe fob Soft Soap. Take
an afternoon walk to certain work-shops of a
certain Rail Road Company, whore a very
uncertain candidate for Governor chats, but
does not harangu the operatives, set close
along side of a "half and half that hold the
bat, and a body may come away thoroughly
supplied with soft soap. We will not un
dertake to say that this soap will wash off
dirt. It is no evidence against it, however, that
the manufacturer presents; for a politician may
make soft soap for others, and never use it,
or indeed any soap, himself.
From the Richmond Examiner.
The Private Memorandun Book of Ulrte
Dablgren.
There has been deposited in the War De
partment, by General Fitzhuah Lee, the pri
vate memorandum book of Ulric Dahlgren,
found on his person and taken from it by
Lieutenant Pollard. We are permitted to
copy these private memoranda, which confirm
Dahlgren s guilt beyond a doubt, and add ton
his crimes even a blacker shado than has yet j
been given them. It should be a convincing
reply to the Northern denial of the authen
ticity of the Dahlgren documents heretofore
published. And with reference to these we
may say that General F. Lee has written a
letter to the War Department fixing the au
thenticity of these papers; for he explains
that there was no opportunity of altering them
unless by the courier who was dispatched
with them, and that there was no writing
whatever interlined in them.
We copy literally below the atrocious pri
vate memoranda of Dahlgren. Incoherent
as some of them are, they discover a hellish
purpose :
"Plfcasanton will govern details
Will have details from other commands
(four thousand.)
Michigan men have started. .
Colonel J. H. Devereux has to pedoes.
Hanover junction (B. T. Johnson).
Maryland Line.
Here follows a statement of the composi
tion and numbers of Johnson's Command.
Chapin's Farm seven miles below Rich
mond. One Brigade (Hunton's relieved Wise, sent
to Charleston).
River can b forded half a mile above the
city. No works on South Side. Hospitals
near them. River fordable. Canal can be
crossed. ' '
Fifty men to remain otj North bank, and
keep in communication, if possible. To des J
troy mill:, canal, and burn everything of
value to tho rebels. Seize any large ferry j
boats, aud note all crossings," in case we have,
to return that way. Keep us posted of any
important movement of the rebels, and, as we
approach the city, communicate with us, and ;
do not give' the alarm before they see us in
possession of Belle Isle and the hridge. If
engaged there, or unsuccessful, they must as
sist in securing the bridges until we cross.
If the ferry boat ran be taken and worked,
bring it down. Everything that cannot be
secured or made use of, must be destroyed.
Great care must be Jaken not to be seen, or
any alarm given. The nTen must be filed
a'ong off the road or along the main bank.
When wc enter the city, the officii must use
his discretion -as to when to assist in crossing
th bridges.
Thi? prisoners once loosed and the bridges
crossed, the city must be destroyed, burning
the public buildings, &c.
Prisoners to go with party.
S,pike the heavy guns outside.
Pioneers must be rnady to repair, destroy,
&c. Turpentine will be provided. The pio
uetsrs must be ready to destroy the Richmond
bridges, aftgr.we have all crossed, and to des
troy the railroad near Frederick's Hall, (sta
tion, artillery, tfce."
Fifteen men to halt at Bel I on a Arsenal,
wle)leJJie column goes on. and destr y it. -HavJome
prisoners. Then joinusatR.;
leavidg.a portion to watch if anything follows,
under a good cAlce1-.
. Will be notified that Custar may come.
Main column, 400.
One hundred men will tiftce the bridge af
ter the scouts, aud dash thiough .the streets
and open the way to the front, or, if it is open,
destroy everything in the way.
While they are on the big bridges, 100 men
will take Belle Isle, after tho scouts instruc
ting the prisoners to gut the city. The re
serve (200) will see this fairly done and every
thing over, and then follow, destroying the
bridges afier them, and then destroy the city ;
going up the principal streets aud destroying
before them, but not scattering too much, and
always having a part well in hand
Jelf Davis and Cabinet must be killed on
the spot."
flu the separate draft of Dahlgrens orders,
the words."on the spot' do not ' occur. This
emphasis, in the private note-book leaves no
doubt of Dahlgren's murderous intention
ExV
In another part of tho note-book is the
rough, draft of Dahlgren's address. It differs
somewhat from tire separate copy which he
sn-.Ni ) have amplified and corrected. lie
;llr.d to the "glory f accomplishing an un
d r;..k"iiig for wfcich your country will always
he sr i.eful, and' for which you wirl always
lui'-e tho "prayers of the prisoners now confined
in Soiit lera prisons. When vye have set free
the prisoners on Belle Isle, and seen them
over we wilt eross and dash through the city.
You must encourage the prisoners to destioy
the city ; make one vast name of it." .
Besides these memoranda, the book, which
is neatly bound in morocco, contains a detail
ed statement of "the re-organization of Stuart's
cavalry, November, 1863," aud of "Major
iteneral Wade Hampton's divison,"- evidently
the work 61 spies. In a side pocket was care
fully folded a fac simUt ot a ' hundred dollar
bill issued by the "Plantation Bank,' and
good for one bottle of "Plantation Bitters."
It wa3, probably, an advertisement taken to
be palmed as moaey by Dahlgren upon some
ignorant and unsuspicious negro.
ASioic. The financiers of London have
taken &e Confederate Joan, and persistently
refuse to touch that of the United States.
This is a financial recognition of our national
existence, and a substantial evidence of their
confidence in our success.
. A correspondent of the Religious Sentinel,
published atlrion; Virginia, urges a Conven
tion of all the different denominations of chris
tians at some point within the Confederacy, for
.the Uxe purpose oharmonutiasjopon sfooe more
fiefoat plan to thtek saistfag vfecs.
5EWS JSUMM ART.
Horrible Murder of a Child by the
Federal The Lynchburg Republican gives
the particulars of the horrible murder of a -child
in Roane county, Va., a Tew days since,
by a party Yankee soldiers. It says:
.A gentleman named Lee, of that county,
had a little boy,, only 17 months old, whom
he had named " Jenkins," after the renowned
cavalry leader, Gen. A. G. Jenkins. A party of
Yankees, quartered iu the county, hearing of .
the child's name, visited the house of Mr. Lee,
and asking to see the child, when it was'
brought into their presence, deliberately bhot
him dead, for no other cause than its bearing
the uame it did. The ister of the little inno
cent, a girl of fifteen or sixteen summers, dw- ,
covering the diabolical intention of these
worse than demons, ran in to try and save
Ler brother's Hie, and in doing so came near
losing her own, several musket balls passing
through her dress, but fortunately not injuring
her.
Ministers of the Gospel Impuised
Among the items of news from Northern,
papers, copied into out exchanges, we see it
stated that the Rev. James D. Armstrong, of
Norfolk, Va., has been sentenced to be im
prisoned at Foft Hatteras, by Gen. Butler, for
having, after taking the o it h of allegiance,
given utterance to disloyal sentiments. Hat
teras seems to be a favorite place of imprison
ment with Butler. Rev. Geo. M. Bain, a
pious and exemplary local jninister of the
Mflhdist Episcopal church, of Portsmouth,
Va., has been sentenced to hard labor at Hat
teras. Mr. Brii n was cashier of the " Ports-"
mouth Saving's Fund Society, " and the crime
for which he is sent to Butler's penal colony on
Hatteras va.s,a refusal to divulge by whose
authority the funds of that institution were
sent to Richmond. -JV. C. Presbyterian.
Mr. Stephen's habeas corpus reiolutions, it
will be observed, were only passed in the
Georgia-legislature by three majority. Had
the Secretary ot War felt at liberty to grant
furloughs to the member? of the LisUture
holding commissions in the army, there can be
very little doubt that the resolutions would
have been d framed. However, considering
the sraail majority by which they were passed,
and the joint resolutions of confidence in the
President, by which they were virtually
neutralized, their adoption does not amount to
much. Wo are satisfied that they will not be
sustained by the decisions of our courts, nor
by the judgment of our pecple. Savunnah
News. '
War axd Matrimony. Married at Griffin,
by the Rev. Charles T. Quintard, on the 23d
inst., Gen. John C. Brown, of the army, of
Tennessee, to Miss Bettie Childress, daughter
of Major Childress, of Murfreesboro', Tenn.
The llev. Mr. ' Qujjitard, who married the
couple, had hardly, pronounced the benedic
tion, when a telegraphic Qider from Gen. Joe
Johnston was received, ordering the happy
bridegroom to Dalton. That night he was far
upon his journey to the army Atlanta ((?.)
Register. ' . '
A New Orleans letter -writer for a Nw
York journal, 1n alluding to the withdrawal
of Mr. Atoclu, who was named on the ''Halm
ticket" as a candidate for State Auditor, says :
"His place is fill-jd with Dr. A. P. D stie,
who is charitably supposed to be crazy, and
who?c. management of the finances of the
Stale, when he becomes auditor, will probably '
bri as perfect an example oj close shaving as
he used to exhibit in his tonsorial establish
ment in Chicago, from which he graduated a
dental nurg.n iu New Orleans."
Hovobto (es. Jacitsox. The presenta
tion of a flag by an English gentleiran to be
planted over the grave of Gcu Jackson is a
proof of the fervid nnd lasting admiration
which the name of our beloved hero has kin-
died in the motherland. The lapse of time
only adds to the fame of'such as Jackson. If
the great movement had d ne nothing but
produce such men as Lee an 1 Jackb-m, these
wouM ot themselves have immortalized the
country of their birth Richmond Dispatch.
Col. Wolfobd. Col. Wolford's bold speech
at Jjcxington, ha9 cost him A;ar. Ho will
probably tbink the following is a litt!e worse
ian s cession :
Col Wolford, of Kentucky, w-ho recently
denounced the enlistment of negroes in that
State, and who was arrested in -consequence,
but was subsequently set at liberty and or
derd to join his- regiment, has been dismiss
ed from the service without a trial, by order"
of President Ljocoln.
ARMY MATTERS.
The Reported Victory in Louisiana.
Tho reader will remember the late rumor of
a battle in. the Teche country,' and a victory
over the yankees by Gen. Dick Taylor ; and
a subsequent rumor of a battle in St. Mary's
Parish, La., between the ehemy, under Frauk
lin, and our force6 under General Taylor, in
which the former were badly whipped.
Passenger who arrived by the Mississippi
traiu at Selma, on the 23d, reporsed that Gen.
Polk had received despatches from the Trans
Missigsippi iepartment, stating that Gen.
Taylor had met the enemy in the Red River
country and achieved a decided victory, cap
turing one thousand prisoners. The Selma
Dispatch credits the report.
These different reports doubtless refer to the
same affair, and come in a very plausible
shape ; but if Gen. Polk has official despatch
es confirming them, it is singular that he
withholds snch- interesting information frOm
the War Department.
A private letter from Oxford, Mississippi,
8as:s"Itis impossible to give ac adequate
description of the damage inflicted by Forrest
upon the command of Smith and. Grierson.
For sixty mi es the line of their retreat was
marked by dead Yaukees and hoises. They
rode their horses so hard that nearly all died
after reaching Memphis. -Smith returned
alone to Memphis, and when asked where his
men were, replied 1 one half had straggled and
the other half had gone to h l' which was
nearly the truth.
'The Mobile. Tribune learns from a gentle
man just from Demopolis, that about cne hun
dred and fifty Yaukee prisoners had arrived
at tbat place. . They were taken at or near
Yazoo City. Among tbem was a brother-in-law
of general Grant, with the rank of Cap
tain. Butler Denounced. The New York.
World copies Butler's order consigning citi
zens of Portsmouth, Va., to hard labor at Hat
teras, and makes the annexed severe com- '
ments on the tyrants cause :
"We pity the Ameriean citizen who can
read the order without bis blood boiling with
indignation at the pranks of the 'mali
cious human brute, whom Mr. Lincoln hag
placed in command at Fortress Monroe, to
bring contempt upon the fair name of his
country. While Butler is warring upon
Clergymen and suspected persons, his military
department is steadily becoming smaller
through his incompetency. What does Con
gress mean by permitting these things to go
en without indignant protest."
Late From the United Statei.
The Richm(:d Scntind has a late copy ol
M. n , . ,.-r m i
the Baltimore GazMe, from wl jch it gleans
f li c iVill.ttuiiwr tv.it niwl it hArt r tto-1 It tMnA
....
iu viiv ".iii u.-.i. ...riv,.. w . uxri t. ii . ju - tnj'n 3.v4'.oi iu mo enjtir
Capture of Nearly a Wthole Company ' and Sergt. W. L. Tate requested to act as
ofCavalut. A dispatch of the 24ihult.,froui ; secretary,
the Yankee Headquarter of the department On motion a committee of five privates and
of Western Virginia, says that Major Rocker, non-com missioned officers were ftpjwintwl t
of Gen. Crook's staff, was sent from Charles- draft resolutions for the action of the meeting,
ton, on the Kanawha river, to the head- The following persons constituted the corn
quarters of this depiftmcnt, with important mittee: Sergt. John Summers, private A.
dispatches for General Sigel. The Major left Alkin, Serut. E. Allison, Sergt. Saml. APisou
Charleston iu the stramer Victress, Captain a"d private Jphn Houstm, who immediately
Cox. When about 25 miles from Charlotou. j retired for consultation.
Capu C)X stopped the steamer d int.rmcd j While the committee was ont, private W.
Major Rocker that, owing to the prevalence D. Paiterson was called fur, and came f ir
of a high wind, he considered it unsafe to go j ward and entertained the meeting with a
through the "shoot, " this latter. being about ' pitrioric ppeech. favoring the rc-electiou .f
28 miles from Charleston. . The Major inist-
ed on making as much speed as possible; but
it was decided to await a more favorable op
portunity. After a great deal of trouble, and the wiad
having lulled, the Major succeeded in having
the vessel put out and headed for his destina
tion. The perseverance ot the Maj r deserves
great credit, and the escape of the vessel was
fortuuate indeed; for, lhat very night a body
of rebel cavalry dashed into Wingfield, where
Captain Cox had gone to see his wife, and
captured nearly the whole of a company of
the 3 I.Virginia cavalry.
It is reported tint an investigation will im
mediately take, place into the circumstances
of the whole affair.
Cinsidering that Major Rucker was the
bearer of highly important dispatches, it
would have been quite a fortunate thing for
the rebels if they had hucceoded in catching
him.
From Fortress Monroe. The United
States steamer Calypso, Captain . Bartow,
sailed from Fortress Monroe on the 25" h
ult., for the South Atlautic blockading fleets.
The dispatch steam r Fort 'Jackson, Captain
Sands, arrived from the blockade off Wilming
ton, ami reports a large number of wrecks
ony,coast bfwesn Cape Hatteras apd Cape
Henry.
Spars and pieces of wrecks and three dead
bodies were seen floating in the water. The
fleet off Wilmington is all safe. Captain
Van Gildrr aud crew, who were taken off the
wreck of Uie s hooner Alabama, frost bitten,
are well provided for in the McClel'.an Hospi
tal, and are doing well.
The 1st colored cavalry regiment . and the
2d Light Battery aud 10th infantry, also col
ored, were reviewed at the Fortress on the
27th, by General Butler and staff. General
Cameron and Jndg Gillis, of Pennsylvania
were 'present
Fuom California. The Union. State Con
vention orranizd t Sacramento, on the 24th
ult, by the electiou of Vm.H. Sears, as
chairman by 43 majority over V. II. Parks,
the anti-Couness candidate. The whole vote
cast arhouuted to 257.
To-day the Convention uuanimously adopt
ed a n solution praiing the National Admin
istration, declaring Abraham Lincoln the first
choice tor the next Bteshlrncy, and endorsing
Messrs. Gmness, Higby, Shannon and Cole, of
the California delegation in Gmgrcss.
For The Confederate.
Messrs. Editors: The contest for the
vacancy in toe seventh congressional district
is likely to be interesting. 'The race is now
between two competitors only, A. O. Foster
ofliaudolph, anil J. M. L--a h of Davidst'ii.
The other candiditcs, Messrs. Taylor, and
Waddell, gracefully withdrew a favor of Mr.
Foster. Now, when 1 the mtat momentous
issues are at pending, while tho dearest in
terests of a free people are at stake, is tho time,
if ever, to be fair and square in declaring out
position in this struggle between the Con
federate and Federal States. The people
demaud that there chall be no concealment,
no evasion , no loull dealing. Now how does
the position of the above meutioucd candidates
square with this rule ?
At Pitsboro. and it is undertood at other
places also, Mr. Leach w is vtry unsatisfactory
in the statement of his principles and ?ieu
He refusel to say who was his choice for
Governor did not seem to like Gov. Vance's
Wilkcsboro, speech would like lo ltcar. the
Governor's views" on some other suhi-cts;
and finally conveyed the impression that if
the Governor did not go' for him, that he woul 1
not go for the Governor, lie would not pay he
was for or against a convention pf this ttate,
but w is for a concsntton of all ths States of
this continent.
Mr. Foster's position was p!am and easily
understood. He was "opposed to all prty
organizition and party excitement in the
present state of affairs, opposed all agitation
in our vmidst. Did not endorse extreme
was against all schemes that" tended to kindle
civil war was opposed to -a convention, as
'mischievous. He claimed to be abetter "pactf
man" than his competitor was emphatically
for peacf. in North Carolina , and for peace
with the yankees by uegulab asd consti
tutional meas. Mr. Foster makes a fine
impression wherever he 6peaks. Chit h am
county will give him a handsome majority.
It is understood that Anson will give him an
almost unanimous vole. A prominent geutle
man from Randolph, savs he will get two
thirds of that county. A geutleman of David
sou, is strongly of the opinion lhat Mr. Leach
will sustain a defsat in his own county. Ho
is by no means "omnipotent" in Davidson.
The "soldier boys" have not yet forgotten his
eloquent appeals to follow him, and rush to
the defence of their "sweet, hearts, their homes
and their sacred altars.' r Their fathers have
not forgotten his sol em q pledges to stand by
the '.'boys." And they will Will contrast his
'professions tftet, with his position now.
JUNIUS.
. A SubJect fob toe Enrolling Officer.
A Virginia correspondent of the Christian
Index writes to that paper:
I know a Virginia Baptist Minister, who
once stood high as a useful p.istor, who claims
exemption from military duty on the ground
of being a minister, and who yet has scarcely e
preaenru a sermon tor iweive montnx, nut
spends his time in selling calico, ginger bread,
peanuts, &c , at the highest obtainable prjees.
He cannot plead necessity fr his course, since
he hws only one child and is worth about one
hundred thousand dollars v"
We have neard of one or tvo . instances,
almost parallel to the above, in North Caroli
na, says the North Carolina Prtsbytcran.
Such persons ( we will not call them ministers,
though they may claim to be,) should by all
means be put at once in the army ; and it is
hoped that under the new military law, tbey
will. "be looked after b enrolling offices.
The Rev. Lie wis Hatton, a minister of the
Methodist Cnurcb, died at Griffin, G., on trie
21st List., in the 73d year of bis age.. . -
Punch says, it has beau proposed to tax
ctavs. bot it was obteeterl to on the or r (Hi an
that it weuld dhmnifth teasuinpttoft.
MEETING OFTHE 6THN..C CAVALRY.
J, . !r A,u:, rs.B"a P"v" of
. : ,.r u a: t . .
I privates of
rove Church,
; 1,0 oul vBTniry,ionaMy urove Church
Murn1l ati, nMP Kinjljm' n "!r
... V "uori
! 7 T R,ta.a it. m n s.ll.n,l t .. tl
! his Lxcellency Y. . Vanceto the gubernaU).
nai cnair." upon the conclusion of prirate
Patterson's speech, the committee came in,
and reported through the chairman the fol
lowing preamble and resolutions, which were
unanimously adopted with'loud cheering fur
Vance.
"Wherkas, The friends of one V. W. !Iol!n
are clandestinely Keeking to necare hi election t
the gubernatorial chair of North Carolina ; and
whereat, we believe that should thev be puccefeful
in securing the election of the said Holden, it
would be a great calamity upon, and shameful! v
disgraceful to the people of the State, sod a direci
Insult to -their intelligence and patriotism, act
tch treat, we further believe that the said election
would -have a tendency to iraogurate a fresh
l evolution, dangerous alike to the liberties of tho
people, and the institutions of the State, there
fore Jletotvtd, Tbat in tho name of the gallant enn
of North Carolina, who have nobly sacrificed their
lives, aad poorgd out their blood, a volnntarr
libation on the alter of freedom and 8uthiu
independence, we uo tno?t earnestly protest
against and denounce the very doubtful and uu
manly policy th it has been adopted by tbe eaij
Holdea and 'hit friends, aa inconsistent with tbat
dignity and manliness which has ever been
recognized by gentlemen who are influenced onlr
bv the Durest nrinciDles of natriotum. as honnri.
l
( , . . - i g w
'PJ it ? , Tk.t iV. .
jit'uiiru, tu vie ucitvvc tuc oriiiimt'uis xu.I
ev apathies entertained br the said Ilol len are
unpatriotic and dangerous to the institutions of
the State and peace of her citizens, and such
being the case, we deem it to be our duty to cur
native Mate to use all honorable means t enf are
the defeat of the said Hldea, who, as we think,
would wiMinly sacrifice the honor of the SUt?
and the liberties of the people to secure? his owu
advancement.
Ilrolted, That we left our homes and friends to
secure the independence of the South, and while
we yield to none in an anxious desire for peace,
we at o determined never to accept it on anv tenia
j but those tbat secure the independence of the
I South.
.Ilfolved unaHtmounfy, That we are for his Ex
cellenc'v Z. B. Vance for Governor, and shall
yield, him a unanimous and willing support.
After i he adoption'of the resolutions speeches
were nude by Sergt. Phillips
s. oerirt.
Rogers,
privateer Osteer, and others.
Upon motion the Confederate and Hen
derswn Times were requested to publish.
W. L. KOGEUS, Chairman.
W. L. Tate, Secretary.
...
Capture aud KkCaptukf.ok Tnc Steam
er Little Ada." A Yankee prisoner,
named Charles Muldoon, 'belongii:? to the
j United States blockading steamer V ion a, was
brought to the cay buuday night frm Mc
Clcllanvi.lc and lodged in Jail.
It appears t .at the prisoner was one of
party sent fiom tne blockading Minidron in
search of the blockade runner Little Adi.
Information of her having run the blockade
had been iven several davs previously by a
parfy of eiht deserters. The prisoner states
that they 'had been out in their barges, cruis
ing around Bull's Bay aud North Santee nvcr
forty eight hours before they discovered the
object of their search.
About G o'clock, Fiiday nvrninz, thy
boarded the steamer laying at MrClcllanvilV,
driving the crw into the cabin, setting a
uard ad taking possession of the vesM-1.
The engineer in the paity immediately com
menced to ge up team, when they were di.
covered by our men at. the batteries, which
opened firo upon' them with grape, canictir
aud shell. So no eight or ton hhots were hVd,
live of whkh struck the steamer. The yaukecs
It ft at the second shot, all making their eseaj9
1 wfth the exception of the above named prisontr.
who was koiKjked down by one of the lire jjen.
Our batieriei were manned by C-ipt. G.ul
lard's ad Capt Keith s artillery companies.
Their firing was excellent. One shot took
away the step from the bide of the vessel just
rtS tue engineer nd several others Ptepp-d
jnto a bartrcand were pushing off. Charles
ton Courier.
Calculating the Old and Nr.w Cnt
rency. A correspondent of the Richmond
Dispatch, writes asollows on this subject:
" Anticipating a grc1 deal of Vexation and
difficulty iu the calculations of sums due iu
the old currency by those who are not " good
in figures," and having observed a number cf
persons already (who are not deficient in that
respect,) fall into an error which looks very
plausible at the firtt glance, I thought-proper
to address you and submit to the public a
eery t-i tuple solution of the difKculty, viz :
multiply the sum due by 3 and divided by 2;
the result will be the amount due in notes of
auy denomination above $5, and if change is
required to be given of a les sum than $10,
multiply the sum dre by 2 and divide by 3 ;
the result will be the amount tequired to I e
given in change. For example : A owes I
$8 75 which multiplied by 3 and divided by 'J
makes $13 12j. A gives B a 20 noteiu pay
mebt; $13 12$ frbm.$20 leaves $0 87$; mul
tiplied by 2 aud divided by 3 aud $4 58$ i
the resort, which B gives in chang. Ortuus;
9'20'it worth $13 33 ; subtract $8 75, leavu
$4 58$, as before.
The error mentioned above, which raanv
fsrll fh to, is adding one-third lo the amount
due when payment is made in the old itoue."
Wc learn from the Petersburg Express tint
a party of nineteen or twenty Confederate
scouts were surprised and captured on Tues
day night las-t, t Chc'rry Grove, in the county
pf Nansemond, Va., in full view of New
port News and Old Poiut Comfort. Abou:
150 y -to kecs. approached in four bargee, nt
three o'chck iu the morhiLg. The wvny
were piloted by Bill Cross, a BaltimoVe liu;,
who until recently, had been engaged in run
ning the blockade.
" 50TICK.
CONSCRIPT OFFICE,.)
Baleish, N. C, March 23, 1964. f
IX order to tramsact properly the largely increas
ing hosineu devolving apoa the Commandint of
Conscripts, notice is hereby given that tbis oilice
will be open to the public hereafter, from 10 o'clock
A. II. to 2 P. M.
The attention of all persons htvinjr basir.fH
with the office is specially invited to this notice,
and a eosapliance with its requirements respect
fully requested.
By order of Col. P. MALLETT,
CoaLi'dtof Conscrif t
E. J. fl api , Adj't. mh 24-5u-d3 tw lt
tosrocrtillf ite of StocBi.-.-The oDder
tiroed has lost tb foUowinff Certiticate:
o. lSl'ft for S3 100, dated .July 28tb, 1863, iuea
to J. McBoyle at Baleigh, N. C.
every persua is rortMOden to parents ioc -as
applieatioa will be taado for its raral.
I-wIm. IVID OUTLAW.