THE . CONFEDERATE.
WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 13, Ufco.
Wi.ou tie Lousriiutlon of. the Confederate
SU'es vested in Congress the puwer T de
clare war ; to rai.-c and support armies; to pro
viJe and niai&taiu a navy ; to make rd - s for
the government and regulation of the land
and naval forct s ; to provide for . the calling
forth, of the iniliii ; and for organ'z'ng, arm
ing and :i vlp!ii-i-g the militia, an i for govern-
ved in
o i -
the service of th? Confederate States ; and to
make all Jaws which '-may be necessary atiG
proper for carrying icto execution all the f-re-giug
powers, and a'd other powers vested by
this Consutut: n in the Government of the
Confederate States, or io any department or' '
ofa jer thereof
And when it further gave power to Congress
to suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas
corpus " in cases of rebellion cr invasion when
the pubdic safety ::.iy require it, and further
gave authority to the Pit-tident, whom it had
mide commander-in-chief of the arrr.y ai d
navy of tue Confederate' Stales, a'd of the
militia cftbe. several State who a culled iU-J
theac'Uil service of the G;efe i' r-te .Stairs,
ov and with tho olvica a:.-1- cor.srnt of the
Senate, ti raakv treaties, and f -rhide the
States to enter int-j any tre-dy, alliance or
cuu federation, to eutvr into any agreement or
compact with anotT.e.r Suteor with a foreign
powr;" it clothed th central govercnier.t
wiih a panoply ef power deemed to be sufli
cu nt for all offensive cr defensive measures
which ir.iht become uecc)ary to mainlam
t-he honor, asert the lights aud defend th;
interests r.nd liberie of the cation and p. p'e.
These piwcrs, so" exp'iei: and so ceanprj
heusive, wcie sflf-iy.posed, by the represen-.
taiives of the State-s tlicinslvfcs, in the mo
sokma firm, ly critic caactmer.r ; being n
act of s?lf-alnc;'iii':.:i y the Stales nam
-.-:;' "H'l t!'Ir de'r-e'-tiwn to a
HlCJ iju - - a
ch'-en rci-nscinaMvc.
!' virt i i d these poweis. it is cdar that
Congress ...ay, after having tKhred war, fin
ploy all the res u roes of the i alion to carry
it on. It may corttfcribe the citizens and en
roi them ia l.e Confederate service, wheth
er as regular troops cr as n-i!i::a, r.s t
it may appear tit. The ordy exception bein?,
perhaps tint it is not cvntcro plated thul ch
constitutional .ffi?er3 cf any State shall b
taken, by whose conscription the .State govern
ment would be hindered ia i?s administration.
It is fiuther clear that no State has any right
cr exempt fiom seivic?, except tor the ab:so
lute necessity of carryi.Mj or. its own j:ovprn
incut, any pcismi or pei-ns who n;ay b
liable to c.aiseriplior: by the Confederate Con
gress. And in oreicr to guard ogainst th'i
,i..--;nii;fv -,f authority hcinfZ weakened
r obstructed, the privilege cf the habeas cor
2us muy be suspended, when by retxhion
or invasion the public fal'tty requires it. If
Congress then were to pass a law of conscrip
tion, .securing to the n.ili ary s rvice all tho
able -b. died strength of the naUoo, and wert
to prescribe through what Departments the
rules and regulations for the government of t!.o
army and navy should be enforced, and showkl
call forth te mid da and organize', arm and
discipline and emp!-.-y it in the service of the
Confederate State?, and should suspend the
privilege of the hvbeas copus writ daring the
invasion, it wouM ur (;iujtionably excreis?
only its constiuriunat p.v.r.- : it wuld p r
fonn the functions prescribed for it in theVr
gauic law, and would be ia the line of legiti
mate, rightful authority. There would ar.
could be no oppression, tyranny or evtn
jiiiticc in its enduot, A of wiiicii has heen
-thoroughly-settled by judicial decisions.
To asset! that there would Ko, is simply to
accuse the Statesof having ferrnrdly and delibe
rately created a despotism over their own
headaand over their citizens, by their iati
tication of the Natior.a! Constitution. Sicco
Congress possesses the power thus to use the
citizen, and by another chiusc of t! c C imita
tion to take Ids property (on just compensa
tion) for the public ue, broadly; :mu amply;
and completely as the .Constitution allows
whether it will exeicise it, is not to bo discuss
ed an a questi -n of riht, but as one of expe
elictcy. No citizen who i.-; law-abiding, and
lias regard fur his country and the allegiance
which-he bears towards h, could for a mo
ment himse.f resist or hinder the exereise
of thesa powers, or advocate such resistance
in others, and if he be a public officer, he
must forswear himself if he do s .
Inasmuch as these powers have been adopt
ed Mn the CentraV Government in so formal
and solemn a shape, having been engrafted
into the organic hw, and subsequently ratified
by tho sovereign Slater, it is manifest that
they we:c deemed to 'le i.ccvssary powers ,
for the exercise of which, occasion
migot
arise, lndted, surrendering as they e!o so
much of the natural individual rights of the
citizen, it must be taken for granted that they
would never have been bestowed, except
they were essential to the formation of a
stable and capable government. These pow
ers constitute the highest attributes of sover
eignty, being inherent in other governments
as the paramount authority, and made s.o in
mirs by organic investment.
It having been established that these powers
are granted, and in contemplation of their
exercise, and in contemplation of a necessity
where their exercise might become impera
tive, the next question is, under what circum
stances is their exercise most justifiable ?
What dombt there may be in any moral rain I
as to the propriety of making an offensive
war, there can never bo a question in morals
or ethics of the right of -elf defence. If
there would ever be- a time when all the sov
ereignty should display itself in the plenitude
of power, it would be in the event it should
be assailed and invaded by a foreign power,
and threatened in its existence. lathis be
a geueial rule, worthy of adoption, how aptly
and fully does cur situation fait within its
examples ? ' We are invaded by a powerful
foe; aDd for the express purpose of destioy
ing cur Government, and coercing us into
another form of Government, with a different
association. The invading armies are occu
pying our, tenitory, besieging e ur cities, lay
ing waste our territory, cocsumiug our prop
erty, blockading our poits aud imprisoning
and murdering bur people, and consenting
others to fill the ranks of their am ies, still ,
further to devastate aid subjugate us At
the same time that our uatioual, social and
individual safety are ail thus imperiled from
1oreigninvasioa,division, fiUsesicn, prompt
ed by ill-timed and injudicious lnteiierecce
with Goverar-icnt authority, arc enervating
our strength and making us a more eaey
rney to our enemies. If this be not an emer-
! yeny to eaU forth the energies of the Gov
ernment it this situation do u-t demand tho
assumption ot the sovereign authority then
it is impossible to conceive that any emergen
cy or any situation ca". ever invoke if,.
We prtpose next to show the advantages
to arise to the people from strong measures.
A Sister's Shame.
We copy to day from the Constitutionalist
th proceedings of a meeting held in Savannah,
pres'dsd over by the Mayor of the city, Dr.
Arnold.
The action of the meeting formally dissolves
all connection between the city and the Con
federacy, aud burying the head of secession
in sack cloth and ashes, they sua at the
jeet of infamy for a niche in the temple of dis
grace. We blish for Savannah, and as much
as we execrate the conduct 'of tho people, we
pi:y them. Tec fair fame of tha Forest city
is tarnished by the disreputab'c conduct of,
what wc cannot but believe to be the smallest
potth.u of her citiz-ns. They have h-oked
down the black vista of ruin and desolation
which Sherman lelt hehind him in his march
through the hertrt of the Empire State to their
city; they have had the record of the p-.st,
wri;t-.n in blood from the rlory ha'o d Held of
I Manassas to the not less ra- uvWoio but fata
! uuo of rViiukiiii lln-y can look upon the
bleaching bones of thousands tf heroes who -have
died for their country and yet are
willing to thro'tlo the voice that comes from ,
these bloody fields to bid us fishf on, and say
to miserable tyrants who have worked the
ruiu of our country, and murdered our best
cilizons, take us "back, wo will le one with
you 1 " Oh, shame, shame upon the prrtidy ;
away' with the ignominy. We b dieve Savan
nah'will yet be dh-eu thralled, and then ,she
will .snew'tiom her mouth the impious wretches
who would sell her honor to him who knows
tot hoher. The men who would sell their
country in such an hour as this, would sell
their souls for a consideration in . dollars ad
cents would seil their Lord for kss than
th rty pieces of rikvr.
Tho foregoing from the Augusta Daily R--g-islcr,
speiiksin bitter terms of tha a;jti- n taken
by cert; in citizens of Stvmnah wh-f in a
public meeting held uj.on the call of the Mayer,
hajye formally renounced their allegiance to
the Confederacy and, in the language of their
resolution " seek to have peace by laying down
our (their) arms and submitting to the national
authorities claiming' "the immunities and
privileges contained in the proclamatton.of the
President of the United States." This is the
end to which w e hvc expected all unwarranta
ble peace negotiations, to come; thks the terr.it
nus of " State sovereignty and separate S'-ate
action,' as harped upou by their especial
champions. What wo have heretofore taid
of'Gecrgia ia connection with Sherman's suc
cessful march through her tenitory, was not
intended to add a : aim to the fusibilities df
j any loyal son of hers Wo intended to attn-
ute the- fu!t ef thsst great calamity to those
; Alio hive subdued the spirit of. Georgia pa
I tibiism, or weakened it by disaffection. Aud
the truth of wha wc said is now more appa
rent ; and wo fear that not in Savannah alone
are there to bo found numbers who are ready
io nn'Ue thesa.'OQ Ume and shameful submis-t
si;u. But these men in 'Savannah, whoever
i hey may b- are fixing their own lot, ?ut by
no means settling the destiny of the Con fed- -er;;cy.
But this should b- an admonition to Con
gress for action prompt, vigorous action
worthy of a Government posossed of sovt-r-eignty
i.r.d bolding-in charge the vital iutcr
e?.s of a multitude of people. Let itr.ll into
requisition the military strength', employ all
the means that our enemies use for assailing
us, in-order to resist them and Sherman w ill
be brought to grief-, and the cowardly conduct
of the submissionists in Savannah will rocoil
on their heads with such terrible force, that
never again will there be fouud others willing
to follow their example.
It is announced in Northern papers that ar
rangements will soon be made, for exchanging
all prisourrs on both sides- OdY government
has always beer, ready and willing to make
any fair arrai geme nt for a general exchange,
aud it is hoped tho northern oveument will
now agree to terms.
.
7tu N. C - REuiaiEXT.Lt. Col. Wm. Lee
Davidson has been promoted tc the Colonelcy
of this Regiment in place of Col. E G. Hay
wood, retired. J. McLeod Turner is promo
ted to Lieut. Celon'el-nd Jas. G. Harris Ma
jor of the same Regiment.
The Columbus Times, speaking of tbe pro
position for an alliance with E tglaud tr
France, ays: "Wc would rather goto the deil
than back to the Yankees."
There is no alternative in that proposition ;
for "things which are equal to the same thing,
are equal to etie. another." -
The e fficers and men of the etb N. C. Regi
ment (commanded by Col. Saml McD. Tae)
have contributed $585 for the relief of soldiers'
families in this State. The amount has been
piaced in the hands of Gov. Vance. . What a
patricic exawple these braVe men set they
give ot their small means to help the cauee,
while enduring the hardships of the tfeid.
Such men can't be subjugated.
In Georgia, there are unequivocal calls for a
I Convention of the State. All sides concur in
the call, as far as we cn see. There are un
questionably cowards and traitors in that State,
whose whole purpose, uuder cover cf peace nejo
iationt, has been, firit to detach the affections
and confidence of. the people from the cause,
in ordfrthe more securely to turn them over
to Sherman or whatever Yankee master may be
delegated to receive them. , This dais has just
shown its hand in Savannah, nd its colleagues'
taking advantage of tha pret-eut reverses to cur
arms, are emboldened throughout the State of
Georgia to follow their lead, we ore g'a o
it; and only hope that they may be induced te
say out all they mean. The now almost undis
guiaed Yankee who'edits the Chronid and Sen
tinel (Got. Browu's organ) ia at last assuming a
definite poiitiom7 We beg that he may have rope,
by all means.
There is a etoud class-tired, gloomy, despon
dent, heart-sick croakera who are ofearedthtrt
they will have to go in and r'lther than go in,
to an honorable post, along side the brave, true-
hearted soldiers, they are anxious to go ut of
the Confederacy, and go under Lincoln whipped
without ever having seen a fight.
Bat there is a third class, who are also wil
lise now to endure the agitation of a oonven.ion,
became they are bold ard hardy and determined
in the cause, and thev have confidence that so
far fiom Georgia playing fals, in a Convention,
they feel sure that her patriotism will be most
thoroughly demonstrated. Therefore, says tne
Constitutionalist, Gcv. Brown recommend
n T.orrioiatnrn nhout to meet, to pass a bill
calUr.cr a tevereien convention; and we (it)
trust the Legislature will pass the bill at once
This sterling paper wants it to be known where
Georcia stands. It has entire confiderca intbe
stability of her devotion to the cause. It is
dangerous agita'ion, and may lead to dread
consequences. But we hope our patriotic cn
temporary may be right, and that Georgia may
come out of the erdcal as gold purified by the
We publish entire from the "North Carolini
an,' of WilmingtoH, an orticlo ou the con
Bdiptiou of negroes." Without concurring en
tirely in the sentimonta therein contained, there
is much to commend it to the public.
Since the attest cf our military leaders from
two points of dbserva'ion hag declared in favor
of the emplojmeHt of negro soldiers, the spirit
of the press is very properly conforming to this
standard author-ry Of tho l'ght, we never
doubted; of the expediency we are now con
vinced. If the Southern negro be appealed to,
with the proper murl indticemeats U enlist his
sympathies, we doubt not either bis capacity,
cr his willingness, or bi3 fidelity ; and with this
element of strength, our independence is certnin.
The seddiers are almost unuinimous iu favor of it.
fhey need reinforcements, and their whites
ought to be a controlling influence;
Ne Newc. -
There is just now ah oppressive dearth, of
news? there are even few rumors tfioat.
With the authorities, press, people and ar
mies, there seems to be a general pause, taking
our bearings and ascertaining our true position
and danger. And while our position may be
admitted to be critical, and our danger greater
than we Could wish, yet the one is far bet
ter, and the latter far less thau a great many
imagine.
The Csngrcss, the press and the people are
calmly engaged in ti c discuesie-n of important
measures, which it is hoped will extricate tne
country from its present difficulties. The
great t- pic of putting slaves ia the army as
so'diers, is now being very generally discussed.
We have given the views, of several corres
pondents on the tut ject, as well as our cwn
and shall publish to-niurrow an article from a
largo slaveholder in this Statp, favoring the
proposition- Wo hope to hear from others.
The best intellects of the country should come
-forward and give the country the benefit of
their views. "No me roimportant question has
agitated the public mind during the war.
Other weighty and all-important measures
are being cot side-red, and (he present may be
the turning pvint in the content. "A misj-tup,
or an oversight, may lose us our cause, while
wise measures, promptly adopted, and execut
ed with energy, may t?nng the war to a speedy
conclusion, resulting in our independence."
A cotemporary says to losg as the spirit of
our people is uueubdued conquest, subjugation
is impo6ible. And so it is Let Slates be over
run ; let property be destroyed ; let lands be
devasted ; let our slaves be stolen by hundreds
aad thousands ; let houses," towns and cities be
given to the flames ; yet if the spirit of the people
ba unsubdued, they are unconquerable, and
they will at last wrench glorious victory from
the dastard foe and reap tbe reward of all their
toils, privations and sufferings Independence,
with its inestimable blessings.
Change of Schedule.
The following is ths Schedule on the North
Carolina Railroad. Accommodation train from
Charlotte arrives at Raleigh at 11:55, p. m.
The mail Irain from Go!dsbora arrives at
11:40, p. m , and leaves at 12, p.m. Mail train
from Charlotte arrives at'll, a. m., and leaves
at 11:30, a. m. The accommodation train
haves Raleigh, at 1, p. fn. .
The mail train on the Raleigh and Gaston
road will hereafter leave Raleigh at J 1:30,
a. m , and amve 12:35, p. m.
. . .
Reverses are but the mists which, obscure
but do not darken tbe sun. There can be no
halting, no thought of submission. The Confed
eracy is to-day stronger, Its resources greater,
the pride of its people more exalted, their
cournge more obstinate", and they are more
fully conscious cf the danger of defeat and the
evils cf subjugation than at any former period
of the war. They are more thoroughly famil-.
iarised with the infernal spirit which actuates
our foes, and with the abject degradation to
which we would be reduced in the vent of the
overthrew of our cause. They know they have
no alternative ; that full, complete, unqualified
independence, or the slavish submission of a
conquered people, having no will of their, own
and knowing no law but that of their captors,
must be theirs. They are prepared to sacrifice
but not to submit. To surrender all but inde
pendence and honor, but no compromise cf then.
For the Confederated
Araing the Slaiei.
Thef que6tien of impressing and arming the
slaves for military defence, is one of great
magnttade, and well deserves the most seri
ous consideration. Beietre resorting, therefore,
to such a measure, it behooves us to weigh
well ihe moral effect it would produce upon
the country, and, in order to arrive at a cor
rect estimate of public s ntiment in this par
ticular, I think we should have a free expres
sion of opinion; for, upon this binges the ex
pediency of tho whole policy. r
If the employment ot negroes as soldiers
wuid produce a demoralizing effect upon the
white troops so as to counterbalance the ddi
tionfcl strength thus acquired, it follows1, as a
matter of course, that such a measure would
weaken, instead of strengthening ur cause,
and cunsequr ntly, be inadmhsible. But, if
em the other hand, Wft find by a discussion of
the question that the army is wUlieg.to have
its shattered, strength recuperated by this
means, then I think we aught at oaee m put .
this policy into operation.
J am well aware that we may expect strong,
even violent opposition for a time, from some
quartern, yet 1 believe arid trust, tha, if it is
deemed necessary t-y our government and
great military leaders, the army and people
will cheerfully acquiesce-in their decision
General Lee, the great and gowd, is reported to
have given it the sanction of his name; and
the weight of his opiUien should go very f-r
towards silencing ooj ction; familiar as he
mast be with the sentiment of tho army, and
the fighting capacity ef tbe uegru as display
ed by these in the Yankee army. For my
self, i doubt not but they would rght as well,
or even better, on our si e; for they would bu
under the most rigid discipline, besides, be
ing, accustomed from infancy to obey impli-
cidy.
During the progress o the war, from its
beginning to the present time, the slaves have
proven themselves more quiet, orderly, and
devoted to their masters, than might have
hecn reasonably expected; and I think there
weuld be little cause for apprehension, that if
arms were put iu their hands they would be
used against us. I know this would ba one
of the chief objections urged by many who
have evtr been afraid of the, bugaboo of in- -
sarrection; but, why should not they le as
faithful to our causo as to that of tho enemy?
The incentives would be equally reat;:or, of
course, we would reward the faithful discharge
of their dutias wiih liberty.
But, some may object bciv, that we have
maintained all along that bondage is the nor
mal condition of the African race, and that
freedom would be no boon to them. GraW
that it may be true, and yet, we know that
human nature is such that we are ready to
purchase with a great price the right of fee
ing our own masters, although we 'may n t
use the right for own best interests. Of eirre
it will not be co :tendee( that it is our duty to
kcp them in a state of slavery. So much on
this head.
And now, w cz-rac to tby necessity of the
case: It is evident, I suppose, to every cne,
that if the war continues another year which
none can doubt, judging from 'j.rt sent appear
ances we must reinforce cur nnrde. The
question is, where are reiuferceiaeuts to cme
frem ? Cau they be obtained from the if bite
population ? I think not, to tbe extent r riuired,
without detriment t$ the most important inter
ests ef the country. Then what are we to do?
Is the cause to be imminently imperilled rath
er than resort to this means of strengthening
our aruaes
I trust no true patriot would
hesitate for a moment, with the altemativi s pre
sented before hirn. If we fail In tbe establish
ment of our independence, slavery is lost beyond
the possibility of a d-ubt. Then, if there ia a
rcscnable probability of this most de plorable of
all results, would we not better use this great
resource while it is in cur power to do so !
Anything is preferable to subjugation by the
hated foe. We had better '.sacrifice, not only
slavery, but everything else iu adduior, thah
to be reduced to this lamentable coEehtion. We
haveairea'dy sacrificed iboefsauds of prec:cu3
lives, poured out the richest blood of the South
like water.'for the achievement of ow indepen
dence, and shall we hesitate to give up tdavery
altogether, if necessary for the attainment Of the
great end ? I trow not. We Lave hazarded
our all upon the issue ; the die is east beyond
recall ; let our motto be, "Hull vestigia relror
and, as tie Lord omnipotent reignetb, I
very believe we will emerge from this blordy
baptism with banners flouting proudly and as
freely as the liberty-loving ..zephyrs which fau
its glorious folds. TANK.
Kittrcil's Springs.
History Repeating Itself. The follow
ing incident of the Involution is ifo;, without
its parallels in the present war:
Dur ng the severity cf the winter campaign
in'Nonh Carolina, General Greene, passing a
sentinel who was barefooted, said, "I fear my
ofood fellow, you must suffer from cold."
"Pretty much so," was the reply; "hut I-do
not complain, because I know I should fare
better had our General power to procure sup
pdes. They say, however, that we shall
have a fight in a few days, and thcB, by the
blessing of God, I shall take care to secure a
pair of shoes'
A very talkative little girl used often to an
noy i er mother by making remarks about tha
visitors that came to the house. On one occa
sion a gentleman was expecteel, -whose nose
had been accidently llat ened to his face. The
mother cautioned her child particularly to say
nothing about this feature. Imagine her con
sternation when the little one exclaimed "Ma,
you told me not to, say anything about Mr.
Smith's nose; why, he has'ntgot any!"
The Alabama Tornado. Iu addition to
particulars in preceeding page, we learn from
the Montgomory Mail, that in that rity the
darkness was so great it could almost be felt;
chunks of bail tbe size of pigeons' eggs fell
thick and fast. A bridge on the railroad was
"lifted" from its foundations and carried away.
At Opelika, a child was wrested from the
arms of a man, and carried a hundred yards,
and when found was jammed against the trunk
of a fallen tree, dead; and a bedstead was lifted
into the top of a tree where it lodged.
Savannah The telegrams this mnrning
furnish a foretaste of the tender mercies of the
Yankees to a conquered cty. " Churches and
places of amusement 'Sherman does not
quite say ether places of amusen entj are
graciously '" allowed." A grand fire-nan's
parade forms a Sunday amusement Two
newspapers allowed, but they are not alloweoV
to comment on the doings uf tbe authoriueji
"Crie play of Hamlet with the part ot Hamlet
omitted." And such ot the people as wsil not
forswear and disgrace themselves by taking a
horrible oath, are to be driven from their homes
and robbed of their' property. Such arc the
orders of a government to which a free people
are invited, or rather commanded, 'to return.
May God forbid ! Fay.: Observer.
Never judge from manners," says Lord
Byron, -for I have bad my pocket picked by
the courtliest gentleman I ever net with.
From the WilmiagCbn Carolinian. ' ,
ConieripliDD if Negrees.
The question of putting negroes in the !
field is one which has lately assumed an im- j
portacce which few oxpected. There is hut
little doubt that Gen. Lea favors the measure,
9. " J a .1 A . v.fr Vva V.rt4 ... I
is evmene, iiih more mm iuu r-.
can-e will suffer. The ai my of Tennessee has
s'iffv !cd a defeat that has, to a greater r less
extent, depleted its ranks. To meet Sher
man's advancing lesions there must hs meu.
And although we find so many bosrbpre.ofrd
individuals crying hastily for whoWale con
scription, there i a remarkable dearth in
v.ilunteeYing found in this favt red class. The
reason is obvious, their services are of fr
greater importance at home in fact without
their exemption the bo'ton would unquestion
able tall nut of the Confederacy if indeed it
ha? any bottom. "
Well, as the blood aud thunder war men j
will not themselves go meet the foe, there
must be a substitute, -just as . many of our
coud try -people do now, when coffei can't bo i
bought they take rye; so, if the JighHng men
will not go, we rnut make something else go
to fight; it matters not what that something
else is, be it blaevk, white or gray. We have
already placed in the field ul the white, and
lately the gray hnvegnne. More Are wanted,
aud what must we take hut the back. We
have a plenty of black and yellow left, biit
theentiie white .aud gray eh partmei.ts'have
been swallowed up, sorse iu victory many in
I C! . . . V. ! . . incf W.. t.in? .j n A TT . np.ikCti
' ti couj-ider whit is best to eh. 'I his iucessa it
drain upon our white population siace 1801,
has reduced that class t a mere, ruoity, while
the bhek have increased is a ratio commen
surate to the decrease of the former. The
white race in the Confederacy, is day by day,
becoming numerically weaker. And if the
p itcy which has beets adapted since 1861, be
continued the relative preponderance of the
two classes will beceune alarming. To avoid
this alone, something is necssary. If we ex-,
pect to have a couutry when the war ends,
let us have a few white men saved, who can
call it "our cmntfy."
It is object A that negroes will become an
element of wftktjes, rather than strength t
tho array; so we all predicted when the cun
ning Yaokeettk it into his head to make
soldiers of them. They have proven the
reverse. It is also sdd that.it would give
more mea to the enemy than to the Confed
eracy. If that be so it will be by desertion ;
they now recruit from our very dmrs this class
of soldiers! and when we capture thqrn we
are compelled to avoid retaliation and to treat
them as prisoners of war. When they desert
their colors and goto the enemy, tbeywill he
deserters, aud tbe peualty of desertion is death.
In this respect, therefore, it is better that they
be in the field The objection is also-raised
that it will be still further depleting the coun
try of its labor, and we will then become h s
able to- feed our armies. Trds objection is
easily met by a provision that when the new
levies are placed iu the field at d sufficiently
drilled and disci pli Jed, Jet our cWz:n soldiery
pcrs ns who can d infinitely more good at
home thau in the ariiiy, be discharged, and
thev. with the labor exempt from military
service, can pmluce much more than all the
unsvs'cmatiztd labor now at home e an p ssi
blv eto. One strong recommendation is this:
II will make some of these s iong war wen
who cwn millions of property and who are
loud-mouthed for war, bloody, relentless and
unsparing war, ar.d who have secuicd.soft
places tor their precious, heirs, give a little
substantial assistance in this struggle.
Aue-ther strong recommeudation for the
measure is, that the soleiiers are nearly all , iu
favor uf it, and when this is so we, of course,
have no right to eWmur.
It may be argued that the negro will not
fight. Upon tin p int, though not having
aoy very great amount el experience, the
little we have had, has convinced us that diS'
cipline will teach aoy man to fight, we care
not who or what be is. All that is needed is
bravo officers who have had experience.
But the quesion wilt oe asked, what will
you do witn the negro after he becomes un
united, by reason of bis military training, for
servitude? Upon this point wo would not
say what would be best to do with, but we will
give eui views upon what might be well to do
with i hem. We admit that after his training
and dictplineas a salier,.be would nceonje
unsuitcd for his former condition. W s!i wo !
give him freedom as a reward? A swn
would we give a child poison. One could use
iae "IU wnii auoub as uiucii iiiieiiigcu'jr uu
benefit to itself as the otne rv We would not
give him freedom 'as n reward for meritori
ous service," but we would give him some
thing more substantial. We would have each
State provide a homestead for the bfack sol
dier en hi retun home tkis'.as i reward.
And iheu-we would give him freedom as a
means of erjoying the property givon him.
We would give him the right to hold any
species of property which a white man could
hold. It is all uonsit.se to talk of the tiered
Mess of the rights of property. Bone, si ne w
and blood'are required in this, contest. We
have material for hundreds of thousands of
able-bodied soldiers in her midst, and it js
high time it should J? used, before our armies
are depleted. Let Congress act and that
quickly. t We have a work to elo. Lt us Im?
up and doing. Place these men in the fiV.d
and you will see gold inNew York go up to
three or four hundred immediatbly, while tho
Northern people will heap their invective
t-upou Lincoln for inaugurating ;i movement
that will prove more disastrous to theai lhaa
io the rebeds. We can place ten soldiers of
t this cass in the field f.r one of theirs. We
trust the views of General Lee may be early
adopted, giving to the country additional evi
dence that we are in earnest.
Thk Yankee Regiment As many hard
things have bees said about O'Neit's galvan-
ized legion, we extract the following credita-
bfe record Jrom the Salem Rebel, which is
speaking of the raiders on the Mob'de aud
Ohio Railroad :
They arrived at Egypt, Tuesday evening,
where they encountered Colonel O'Nedl'a
regiment of galvanized Yankees, who fought
like heroes and repulsed the rah era. This is
the first engagement in which these men have
been engaged since (hey enlisted in our str
viee, and it is gratifying to know that the
large majority ef them have proved true to
their pledge. Only a very email number of
tkem some fifteen cr twenty, it is said de
sci ted to the enemy. ,
lt During the week immediately after Christ
mas, there were more false reports irrcircula
tion thau we ever heard of belore. This was
because, it is tir to-preen me, the newspapers
generally had suspended for a few days.
Those persons who are always crying out
that the Confederacy is whipped, are only dis
gracing themselves and frightening the timid
and uninformed. In most cases their hearts
were never in the cause of the South. Char.
Democrat.
TELEGRAPHIC
REPORTS OF TIH PRES& ASSOCIATION
- . -- -
From the South.
BICnMOXD. Jan. 10.The following w re.
Macom, Jan. 9 To Qtmtral S. Cooper : Gene
ral flood reports from Tuptlo, the 6tb, that
Thomas appeared to be moving up tbe Tennessee
river, p t nine o'clock, a. mn on the 5th.
Sconts report six gunboats and sixty transports
harassed Savannah going towards Eastport,
laden with troops and supplies.
(Signed) O. T. BEAUUEGAltl).
The following wis received fo-day : Ctaries
ton'Jan. 9'h. Es Excellency Jtfierson Davis :
Wheeler's cavalry have been" organ Ixed un
der my supervision, and now coEsist of threo
elivtsions, eight brigades. It is a well organized
efficient body. Reports of its disorganization and
demonstration are without foundation.
Depreciating stories credited to his command
can generally be traced to bands af marauders
claiming to belong.to it. I know nothing at preg.
ent to add to its eflVctirtnw, except the promo
tion of (name blank), for which recommendations
hve been sent in.
(.Signed) - W.J. 1UKDEE.
From Charleston.
CHARLESTON, Jan. 9.-.othing received
from below.
Te-daj'a dispatch from Macon reports the ene
my, one or two. thousand strong, with wagons
and artillery on Oloppec river, moving in the di
lectionof Sontdwestern Georgia.
General Hospital No 8, )
Rtleigh, Jan. 9, 18G4. j
Editors Confederals : Four years ago tho
people of the several Mates composing tho
Confederacy, asaa-nbled iu Convention and
asserted their sovereignty by severing their
connection with th accurse-i Federal Union.
Then for the first time in a long series of years
the bugle blast of war was heard iu the land,
tummot ing the brave aud chivalrous sens of
the South to arms With an enthusiasm un
paralleled in the history of the world, they
rallied beueath the ample folds of their new
bora, country's flag, aud solemnly pledged
themselves never to stay their hinds until
victory perched upon their country's standard,
and her independence was acknowledged by
all the civilized nations of the earth.
Firmly fixed and determined to redeem this
solemn pledge, thousands upon thousands of
them bid an affectionate adieu to tbe laved
ones et homeland went forth tc meet a cruel
and relentless foe, who sought the annihilation
of a people who uever injured them, nor asked
for anything hut their rights undar the Con
Rtitutior; their fathers give them. The many
h idships aud privations they have undergone
the sufferings they have patiently endured
without a murmur, on the lonely midnight
watch, and tho long and weary march, with
no bed tiion which to rest themselves but tho
cold damp earth, and no covering to protect
them from the pelting storms of winter but
the broad canopy of heaven, attest thefr de
votion to the cause they si nebly espodsed in
the bi gim.i of the contest, and in defeuco
of which s many thousand of patriot soldiers
in tho full bloom of youth and vigor of nun
hood heve sacrificed "their livej.
And now, while these Hue and tried vete
rans who for the pat four years have cou
biaotly breasted the storm of war, and waded
through as of blood, ate wiiling to endure
yr.t a little longer, aud suffer much, mora to
secure the independence of their bleeding
couutry, there are croakers at home, who
have naierbeen in service, nor never expect
to b.', co.vU:ily engaged instirrias up strife
and contention among th people, and im
peding our progress by throwing every eb
stacle in the way of achieving our national
independence.
How l'ng, God1 of IImvcd, 01 how long
she.! I thc!e things be jierjnittcd to remain f
Let ir e ask, in the name of the heroes who
have fallon in this great strjgjto for indepen
dence and national existence, whose oariuou
ized bones now lie bleaching eu Virginia's
classic hills, and isi the name of tho brave boys
who are now standing like a vail of fire be
tween us and the enemy,- how loug disloyal
editors sb ill be permitted to sow the seeds of
dicord broadcast through the land, and in
competent legislators to pemr rut tho vials of
their wrath upon their own country, without
evn uttering abinglo yilaolo against the des
potic acts of the Lincoln dvoasty. How long
j shall treason be thuspermitted to stalk abroad
in high places . unmolested 7 Is there no
power to prevent it? 1 unhesitatingly assert,
tnat the government has the power to suppress
it, and ought to exercise it.
Our propcr'y, our lives, our all is involved
in the contest, and no effort on tbe part of the
proper authorities to prosecute the war to a
buc jessful termination, cost what it may, should
be M?gk'c;ed. If the ths star of cur young Re
public, ta which the eyes of all lovers of free
government is turned and are gazing with the
most intense anxiety, should ever go down in
disaster, he fault Will bu our own. It must
not be permi'tcd. General Robert E. Lcc and
his sixty tbousaud veterans who have time and
again marched triumphantly ore r many a blood
stained field af battle, and wrenched from tho
I very jaws of death full many a glorious victory,
are subject to, the orders of tbe uovernrxenr,
and will sec to it that all Uwp, aud classes of
law emanating from tbe Confederate authori
ties are strictly enforced and obeyed.
This is plain talk, but is what I know to bo
true, and what tuht to be done in case neces
sity .should reqmre it. Let traitors 'in our
midst, who live by slandering and abuting their
own country, beware ! lest tbey be visited with
swift destruction. Let them be arned in time
by a PRIVATE SOLDIER.
Geo np&pital, No. 8, Raleigh X. C.
"Ltieis a strange problem. One moment
in the midst of prosperity we stand witb.lha
world in houvtge at our feet, the anplausd of
the multitudes ringing in our ears, ami the sun
shine tofhapp'ness klreaming along our pathft.
A mometft more, an evolution iu the wheel of
fate, and the hand of 'an invisible destiny" that
had pursued our track ui seen, pours its wrath
upon our heads, adversity sets in, the World
puts on a look of scoro, the voice of praise i
bushed, the ligbt grows dim and our carrcr
ou earth clones in darkntSi, to open again ia
the light beyend the tfcy."
"The Home Guard. Gov; Vnce U
published Special Orders discharging the
Home Guard troops from further scrvico in
the field at present; He lha'uks them fur
thtir promptness, and compliments-them fir
their "valuable services."
N -
Grand Review. General Bragg made a
grand review yesterday of all the troops ia
this vicinity. Circumstances rendered it im
possible for as to be present, but we learn
trom those who were, that it was a most im
: i:...u. ..-i mr vtran and ether
troops showed to tbe highest advantage, ani
were imhe beat spirits. Wil. Journal