TJUi CONFEDERATE.
JWEIiVeSDAY. Febraarj 17, 18M.
The Habeas Corpus. '
The main cause of complaint by those who
arc agitating Ctnvcntiun in this State,
or at If?t Umt which they pretend, is the
probable HFpenH' Coiressof the habeas
coryvs. hi ihfir meetings, they resolve that
if CYrgrcssihall suspend this actf it will 'be
despotic, and when North Carolina is to
choose between this depot im and her own
.vcrciT.ty, e will choose the litter by i
'ci.nrntiioir'' other words, she will with
drawn from the Confederacy. And in all tie
meetings (x ept that of Thompson's Store in
this county, the proceeding of wjiich have
never been the light) a invention is urged,
in order to he in readings, Passing over for
the present Jhe fact that the siupension of
the "habeas ccijms" is made ncce-sary (if at
all) ,y tlie aciion of these agitator3,we address
ourselves to the fjuestioa whether, if Con
gress should sufpti d the writ, it will exer
cise a law Cut ntithotity, or put in foye a des
potic power;
The resolution-of the Guilford
meeting was tu uwui
Dick ; at hast it was presented by him ; ?:d
it asserts, that the suspension of the writ of
habeas corpus U "the subversion of free Gov
ernment and the establishment of an odious
Military despotism." Now, these are very
atrovy terms. They apply not to the repeal
of the act, hilt only to the suspension of the
,Trit; tly are used by a lawyer of con
trolling practice late di.-trict Attorney of
t'ne Uiiited States who carno very near cn
tiuuing the Judgeship in the family by sue-,
cycling to his father, who for mai.y years was
an hohest Judge of the Superior Court3 of this
Stitc
Jt ns sec if Mr. l)ick is sustained in this
position, which ho takes with the accustomed
1 o!di:e.;S of his nature :
Perhaps tl."ro is no country where the virit
..f habits corpus is lx tU r understood than in
I'nglatid. J i wa.i first a common law remedy
i i the laud, and derived to us by our adop
tion of the common law ; when, because of
VJt subtle evasions of the common law, it was
' itibeequeiitlv engrafted in the "Petition of
Right alter in the Mi'jwi Charta, and
b rally made a permanent statute of the realm;
it took a'moJtthe precise, shape in which we
iv .w hold it.
The history o( the.JJlst Charles the 2nd,
Inch is the great hubrttx coipvs act, is a
curious one, ar.d would be considered rather
V. 2 gfssip of tradition, if it were not verified
1'v.r fact by ti e highest authority. The IIou.se
of Coimui i, so runs the narativc, passed
tl eact, tut the House of Lords were opposed
t- it. Tic Ear! of Shaftesbury, then Lord
Chancellor, was its introducer and advocate.
Lmls Grey ai d NoTris were i.amtd to be the
t l!er5, wLm the rote was taken; a:;d Lord
1 rris bew.g afilicted with tuins of Liming,
h':-i co-teller seizod the moment when his
I. -rddiip was in one of his vapors, to count a
' -ry fat V id," who came along just then,
ten instead f one ; and thus the bill jas-t-1.
by ol to o'. Lord Cambbell, in his life of
M'.i d'.wsbury, recounts how this noble End,
pre doing as Iiord Chancellor, spoke until
in nix's had come and gone, and could not
b.- ;Vu'vl and the mistake corrected an astute
l.ic't, not unworthy some leaders of the pres
et legislature, an.l wholly in keeping with
th? c (Toils, of some agitafors, who by m-iso, and
pe.-.k!iig hide ihe red purports of their
(ii?ciitin.
'i bus titis great measure of liberty came to
b-.; .klaw in England. The act is devised with
great skill, and sets forth 'itTy Various uses to
vl.ich the writ is to I f- applied how to be
)s-i ed, returned and tried and from this act,
m t of the Confederate States have borrowed
tic; kcnws of their several acts and ordinar.cis
with regard to it.
The people, who arc resolving against the
s iv ension of the writ ; and the speakers, who
are nrutesting against it ; and the press, which
h p .V.idiing aj-amt it, call to their aid the
i.Vi .lability of the. writ as estoomtd iu Frig
ht;..? ; ami urge that country as the proper
i xai pic for us,' in dealing with this meaMire
f y iliic concern, this aU-ftor ol iudividjwl
f.Tfdnni.
Ti cpcoplcf orators ainl press, are wholly
ik.jn.formtil of I-'nlh history, who :5.vrt
t'j.it ihesnsjension of the writ ot 7m bcas corpus
u uncommon in England; On the contrary,
it is the firbt remedy for all dangers to the
State. Parliament flies to it, aud it is the
l.utstof Kn gland' greatest statesmen, that the
Go-w rnment is often sustained, violent l-on-t
olh d, the writ itself protected, and even the
j u-hy, who cause its .suspension, are shielded
fit :n the necessity of harsher punishment, by
its ti.ucly removal ly susensien out of the
wy of danger.
We propose on the morrow to sum up some
.occaoious of its suspension in LuglanJ ; and
wo have no donbt to find a caso so exactly
ciducident with the resent state of affairs in
orth Carolina, as thai by' a mere change of
tame and place all the circumstances will tally.
Ve shall sec from this record, handed down
Ij us for cur good by history, how few op
ponents there were in Parliament, when this
suspension was enacted and,
Ae trust the people will read our efforts to
inform them aud they will discover that we
dj not intend to mislead.
1 l... XT-
One knows not whether, to admire most the
freedom and ease with which prisoners and de
serters are allowed to leave our lines, the raou
.siroua lies they fabricate to earn their welcome
from the Yankees, or the confidence with which
the Yankees seem to receive and copy these
ta'.es. We could, on a task, undertake to oe
lice Mcscn.MsES, as easily aa the stories
which figure in the Yankee journals, and of
course in the Richmond journals.
A YorxG Lady- Killed on tue Railroad.
The Examiner learns fp-.m a passenger that a
young la ly, who& name he did not hear, fell
froai the troin between Wilmington andWcldon,
on Saturday night, and tha wheels severed her
head from the body. She was walking the
platforoi, from one car to another, when the
aic' lent occurred.
Geh.
IloOD. We learn that this distin
guished officer has been promoted to a Lieut.
Gc ieral, and will take com maud iu about two
wo ks. The corps to which he has been as
Mgued is understood to be that formerly untfer
Gen. I). II. Hill, in the army of Gen. John-
oil.
The battle of Waterloo, was a clear victory
for the allies; but it was not an overwhelming
tlefent fo France. The corps of forty thousand
men intended by Napoleon to have followed
Blucher and prevent his junction' with the forces
of. Wellington, did not participate in the combat;
the battle itself presented varied pjiases during
the day, and till the very close of the even
ing hung In suspense. The result was whol
ly disproport.onate to the advantage gain
ed; nnd this result was not attributable to the
army, but justly due to the timid and treacher
ous counsels and conduct of politicians in the
rear. It is true that Ney had been crushed
upon the heights of Mont St Jean;hat the
Old Gua'rd had been shattered as they clamber
ed to Jhe crest of the ridge, by the English
artillery ; that Jerome and his Chief of staff,
Gillemont, and General Rcille had been re
pulsed by the murderous fire around the Castle,
of Ilougoum'ont ; that Bulow did "march to the
cannon of Waterloo," and Grouchy did nut ;tht
the French army fled in confusion, and that
much artillery was lost: But then Napoleon
had inflicted immense slaughter : Ney had
brought off an imposing force: Jerome bad
been no less successful: Of the three hundred
pieces on "La belle Alliance" many weresived:
the Old Guard had not been demolished, and
Grouchy had forty thousand men intact, with
Vandamtie, Excelmans and Gerard to command ;
and besides these were the detachments of
Suchet, Lecourbe and of Ralpp. An army of
one hundred thousand men, all veterans veter
ans of that glorious army who scarce twelve
months before, under the lead of the same
Napoleon; had thrice encountered the same,
Prussians in enormous disparity of numbers,
and had thrice defeated them scattering the
forces of York and Saken on the banks of the
Marne and driving back Blucher, Kleist and
Langeron upon the plains of Chalons.
One hundred thousand of these men yet re
mained capable of easy re-organization, and
under the. lead of the invincible Marshals and
Generals of the Napoleonic regime. Napoleon
was not conquered but France was subdued.
The intrigues of Fouchc that Fouche who had
wormed himself into the Ministry of Bonaparte,
"nil the while laboring fvr his destruction, were
doing more deadly mischief at Paris, than
Wellington at Waterloo. 7?itWM who pro
nounced the fatal words: "Every thing is
lost.''' It was he wh ), wflSk Carno't and L-i-fyette,
stirred np the people against the
Government, ard mfered Prance to the Bourbon
and the foreigner. Under t!ise auspices, the
Chamber of Representatives dvc'arel itself
permanent,, nnd took into hostile alliance ail the
elements of opposition, and decreed the abdica
tion of the Emperor.
It. was in vain that NapVieon offered to as
sume command of the army, and had them
anew to victory. Iu vain that he warned
them of the bad faith of the f.Trigner, and the
perils besetting France. He re-.soncd with
men grown deaf by cowardice and passi- n to
the voice of reason. Napoleon pM-d into
exile Louis the Eighteenth wa re-cstablish-td
a deluge of feigners poured into France
The Prussians -cucampVd along the bank of
the-Seine, and withiu the gardens of the Lux
embourg ; powerful reprisals wrre made upon
the city ; works of art, valued because histor
ic", were snatched from their plac s and trans
ported out of the country. Heavy taxc-s were
levied upon the people ; the army, the last de
fender of the institutions of the country ,-was
disbanded, and the King stood crowned, but
a suppliant at the foot of the foreigners l is
territory curtailed, his fortresses given up, and
the honor of France surrendered to onu hun
dred and fifty thousand foreigners, v werfl
to abide upon her soil. The King, wastwl with
;rief and shame, implore.', with tears his Prime.
Minister to sign the disgraceful treaty. Hut
did all tins bring peace to France ? No. In
trigue, discontent, judicial murders and private
assassinations followed iti quick succession,
themndves pursued hy revo'utions, wherein
civil war and intestine strife made slaughter
of the people through three successive reigns,
until the decayed bones of the dead Emperor
wer exhumed at St, Helena fur burial in
France, and a new Napobnn, by revolution
and ''coup d'llai" re-established tho dynasty
on the imperial throne. This is a terrible
warning to the people of our States to those
( f them especially who would insti! discon
tent who would invoke political -oi-sensiun
to weaken the military arm.
Our armies, not yet defeated ofte vie&
r;tisstand inllcxibly determined b-. t vecn us
and the foe. They bear a noble pre: s ,e and
an undaunted coi fidence. Properly ai.1edf
they' carry victory op. their standards. Tiuir
danger lies not in the enemy, but iu tiir.M,stl-li.-h,
and it is to be feared, treacherous coun
sels behind. If France felt in deep hng ycirs
ofsulTciug tltf confluences of her lolly, what
pen can depict the fatal results I u ? A.
re,ady, with the precision of Yankee calcula
tion, are our enemies counting the profits of
our overthrow. "With the cool unconcern of
the bntclrer, turning over our chief men to
death, and our homes to coiiGscation. The
fate of all within their lines is eloquent of
outrage, atrocity and cruel persecution men
anil women contruine'd to tho vilest servility,
made to bear the yoke of the most tivrading
impositions while the mongrels who occupy
their homes revel and riot i.vor the -tmmoii
misery. Let us then support the a my ; for
bear dissension at, home; uphold tic causa;
this, under -Providence, is our only hope o!
safety.
The True lieason.
The Standard nnd its associates have been
admonished again and agaiu, that it is not any
misrepresentations by their enemies that have
impressed the Northern f ress and Mr. Everett,
and Yankees generally, with the idea of their
I'rrion tendencies and that their Convention
means secession. Below they will find an ex
tract from the New York Herald of a late date,
CODfirmuEig this admonition":
"We are also inclined to believe that this
news is true, for tho significant extracts
which we gave our readers yesterday from
the Iialeigh Standard, broadly hinted at an
impending State Couventioti, which would
be charged with the business of seceding from
secession."
It is, as we hive said, from the -"significant
extnets" from the Raleigh Standard, given
by of encouragement to the Herald's
readers, wherein is "broadly hinted at an
impending State Conreation which would be
charged with tha business of seceding from"
Bcccssion" that the Herald draws the belief
that tie news is true. Thus by sijnijicant ex
tracts fromur own papers, is aid and comfort
given to the enemy. And the extracts are
continued, day by day.
Georgia.
The organ of the agitators in this State de
rives pleasure from the position of Georgia,
and anticipates some programme as "forth
cosiing'' in certain " resolutions of Senator
Hill," which is to " fight the abolition, party,
with Lyicolu at is head, to the death ; -at the
same time throwing the weight of our
moral influence into the scale of Conservative
reaction in the United Sts.te3." H-jp apprehend
no programme from Senator Hill which is to
give weight to any Yankee party. We judge
Senator Hill to be a true man, who will have,
nothing to do with any political fight-among
our enemies. They are all our foes the
Conservative section of them quite as impla
"cablc as any others ; the least they pretend
to offer is reconstruction. Only such men as
the agi ators in North Carolina, and their or
gan, the Standard, assimilate in name even,
with any political party in Yankeedom. It is
a significant fact, that white the Standard de
nounces its countrymen as " Destructivt s"
it calls itself " Conservative," and also calls
Conservative a certain party at the North, who
are this very day in Washington, voting to
carry on the war, anT giving supplies. Bth
Conservatives ! VYhat kin, we pray, are the
two name-sokes ?
' Mindcn, did you say? I once km w a
family of Linden : Perhaps a branch of that
family ?
" No, no relation, your Excellency" only
birds of a feather." -
The following resolution just offered by
Senator Hill, rebukes the imputation on his
loyalty, which ths article alluded t son
tains :
"2. That the action of those who, from the
be-iinniug, have stood in the front of danger
and endured every hardship, in thus so cheer
fully resolving to remain the Voluntary bul
wark of our country's defence, is cmmend.'d
by the Congress to all the people of the Con
federate States as an example Worthy 'of pa
triotic emulation, .and should be accepted by
every one as the signal for renewed devoliot)
to the cause, aud for increased and universal
energy in the prosecution of a struggle, on the
issue .fwhich depends, not only Confederate
and Sta'e indpendehce, but tho .very existence
of constitutional Government in America. '
Warnins to our People.
Wendell Philips, is oue of the jit st promi
t ent leaders of the party now in power at the
North. Whatever policy he announces,' may
be considered as the poliejr that will br pursued
by Lincoln and his advisers. Philips has lately
made a speech in New. York city. We pub
lished a synopsis of it a few dajs feince. In
his remarks he s-hadowed f rth what will b
the course of the North towards the South, if
her armies snugged in subjugating us lie
speaks as if the South was already under the
tyrannical rule of -Lincoln. Here .are his
words : .
"The North has conquered the South, lor
her divide it among her nobles, black and
white, and we are tafe. Now confiscate the
lan-.is of the Suth and put it into the hands of
the negroes andwhite men who have f ought
fr it, and you may go to sleep" with your
parchment."
In this sPTitsr.ee we have a statement of
what is in sdt re for us in ease we are overrun.
Phillips and his parry do not think that tl e
Liking away of all the slave property will he
a sufficient punishment for Southern planters
for undertaking to defend their just and con
stitutional rights. He advocates the taking
of their lands fr m them also and dividing
the- same among the white and black sold'ers
of the Northern army Here is a picture for.
our planters to look at. Here is a picture for
every property holder in the South to dwell
uron. It is not overdrawn. L is c rrect.
It is a sketch of what will occur unless we
prevent it; notwithstanding some editors hi
North Carolina, who have no property to lose,
may essay to disparage the danger.
The brave hearts and stout arms of. our
soldiers have thus far stopped the LiLcolnites
frtVm carrying out their loul designs. Our
true and, tried defenders stand between those
at home and fheir enemies. We should do
every thing possible for the comfort of our
troops in the field. Should contribute all that
is needed to make their families at home
comfojtable al-o.
Accwfding to the last Abolition porgrammo
matters stand thus : If we are overrun, we
are to be stripped of everything. This is the
true condition ( f affair. Every one should
realize it. Many have forgot their country'
in tleir great desire to accumulate wealth
Many, too many of our planters are among
this class. What good will money, lands, r
negroes, do out people if" we age defeated?
They will do them no god atall. They
will only enrich their adver. aries, and fid their
c-ffers.
A great crisis is now upon us untold ca
lamities ae suspended over our heads. They
will surely fall upon us if we one and all do
not do our duty. No'w is the time fr every
true lover of civil liberty to show his patriot
ism. To ptoyc rH his acts that he means
what he says. 11 he day fr talking has gone
by. The times demand action earnest, en
ergetic action.
1 1 kt a 1. 1 a Tory. Captain Ives, of the 1 Oth
I.Ift-rtachuHettf, and Captain lioad, of the 3.d
O.,io, have been put in irons, and in a few
days will Iwput in the Confederate States pris
on at Sali.-bury, North Carolina, and there put
to hard labor so long as the war 'shall last.
Tiu;se officers are hostages for tFie treatment of
two Confederate Captains trom Kentucky, who
are cdr.fiiied'on Johnson's 'Island with ball and
c )in.
While one of Geh. Lane's men (a. North
Carolinian.) was on picket not far frwm Chan
cePorsville, in the hue advance of Meade, and
while standing beind a tree withiu speaking
distance of t he enemy', a wild turkey passing
by, the picket unable to resist the temptation,
fired and killed it. But he dared not venture
to go and get it, lest he might be shot. Hav
ing reloaded his gun, he peeped from behind
the tree at his prize, and perceiving a Yankee
in the act of taking it u$ he fired again and
dropped the Yankee by the side of the tsrkey,
where both remained until night, when the
picket gathered up his trophiea.
: . '
r
The Income Tax. Ifeis estimated that
the Confederate income tax now being paid,
will amount to three or lour hundred millions
of dollars in the Confederacy. This wiil cer
tainly greatly reduce the amount of notes in
circulation.
-The Atlanta Appeal says that the Yankees
in Memphia and iu Nashville, Attr robbin"
the people of their slaves and putting them
into the Federal army, actually required the
former ownera to pay tax ou them according
to variation. &
From the Grcen3boro'Patriot.
Mr. Editor: A notice published iu your
last payer over the signatirre of " Many Citi
zens," has attracted much attention and excited
great deal of inquiry. What is the object
of the meeting? Who's at the heafirof it ? is
in everybody's mouth b .th Irora towu and
country, and nobody as yet has been found
who can answer these enquiries or give
any, satisfaction to the inquiring public ? The
n tice appears to be a foundling, tb paternity
.or maternity of which nobody is willing to
acknowledge. It requests" all" the citizenof
Guilford who believe that th people- huve a
right to assemble together to consult for their
common good, to instruct their representa-
L tives. and to apply to the Legislature for re
dress of grievances, to meet in tha court
house on Saturday next. . "Various imp riant
questionsare to beconsi lered." Wl at are the
important questions? no intimation what
ever is given. The people are to be gt
together are to be penned, before they are
allowed to know for what purposo Uk'v have
been called together. Fraud and deceit always
burrow in the dark, and disclose their secret
workings by pit-ce meal. The people must
be got into the court house then the leaders
who have been consulting and concocting
measures iu secret, bring forth, on-- proposi
tion, and then another and another; till all the
" important questions " are considered. It is
to le hoped that no man who studi' Ids
own peace and the peace of his Staie, will be
caught in any. such a trap. What necessity is
there now for coiultation for the comii'on
g'Kxl more than there was a month or three
moi.ths, or six months ago? The Legislature
.has adjourned within a month ; what griev
ances aro there now to redress that did not
exist when it, was in session ? It will meet
again.in M.ly, why not wait till thenert Ses
sion? What sppcia! grievances can then- he
that lequires a call of the Legislature between
DecerjiKer and May ? These arc only pretexts,
and although dress-.-d in tiuo clothes, cannot
conceal the ugly, and dirty carcass they are
intended to hide.
ltiswc!l known that there vs a plan on
foot, which originated in i deigh to call a C ii
vention, :.nd cany the State of North' Caroli
na out of th Confederacy, and it is very
much to he feared that the meet ng on Satur
day is called to further that design. Sorry
am J that Guilford oil is selected for the fur
therance of any such desdgn. North Caroli
na, hy a solemn act of the Convention o'f her
people, lias for weal or for woe c ist in her lot
tli the people ot th Southern Confedenwy
and has solemnly pledged her faith to iive
or die, sink or swim, survive or perish" with
them, and she can take no steps backward
without biingiug sham? upon her children
and disgrace upon her name. Her escutch
eon ha:- always been bright, and her name
unsullied up to the present hour. It i to be
ooped no citizen of Guilford will lend his
nunc, his influence or his presence to put a
blot on her untarnished fame.
But suppose the Convention called, aud we
withdraw from the Confederacy, what then ?
"Take our own affairs into -our own hands,"
is the language of the disturber of the repose
of North Carolina. Well, then, you ' have
got back yo ir .own affairs into your own
hands, what then ? Itecall our troops, I sup
pose, wonlu bo the next step Hut would
they come when you call ibem ? is the. ques
tion. Suppose they would not desert tin su
glorious leaders, under whom they have so
often conquered and abandon that sacred cause
w hich lias been consecrated by the b'ood of
so many heroes and martyrs, (and we all know
they w.iui 1 not.) whit would then do with
our own r.n.ors in our own nancis w e-
would then stand exposed to the scorn and
diri.-ioti of all l!ie world. Suppose they ciue.
what then? Why you made - rtliCarolina
the battle field of the war. and you will see,
"wide over her fields a waste of ruias laid."
Ask th' se of.yur fellow-citizens who have
been to Northern and K.stern YirginiaJfo de
scribe its present condition, ruin and waste .-n.d
desolation, and pause before you take the first
step toward indicting a similar ruin upon your
beloved State and happy homes, liut yor are
1 1 1 1 this js a p.'ace measure it is all fr peace
and to stop the war. lit; not deceived. h is
a measure to aggravate, intensify and mamiifv
the war and bring it to your doors and heal th
stones. Does "any man iu his reason believe
that if North Carolina seceded from the On
fed( r-jcy she coid remain neutral? Not for
a day she would b - occupied immediately as
a matter of necessity, as of self- protection by
Confederate tr. ops, and ihese troops w.'ii'd
then be hostile tn"ps and Would burn with re
sentment against us for our peifi ly.
Ih.it why talk about neutrality and itsco
soquences? Nonsense. The object is to carry
the Stale back into the old Uni.n from wlui
we seccdtnl in 18U1. What would, be-t he conse
quences of that move, if it could succeed ?
War to the knife, and the knife to the hilt,
here among us 1 Father against son, brother
against brother, neighbor agaitist .neighbor,
burning houses, violated women,' robbery and
plunder. A Confederate army and a Federal
army, both on our soil, both devouring and
destroying until they would not leave a rail or
a blule of grass in tho land. Our peop'e di
vided, part on one side, and part on the other,
engaged in the general business of cutting the
tin oats or each other! lie iiot deceived. I"
kno.v you want "eace, ko do I, so does ev rv
body. Bur we must seek peace in acoiisihu-tioi-al
and legal way we have an organized
government,. 'ud we imiat speak for peace
through the organ. of the governmenT. Some
of the very men w ho are now heading this
movement were secessionists at.'d br night o i
ihe present Untidy war. Tney told you j-ece
sion was a peaceful remedy. They told hat
was not tnie, and when they tell you, y..u can
have peace bv calling a Convention, they tell
f volt what is not true again.
If you were about to t ike a journey upon a
railroad train, and were informed that the
locomotive was out of order some of the axels
wrenched, some of the wheels cracked that
the engineer was crazy arid the conductor drunk,
would you go ? Not a step. Well if you go
into the meeting on Saturday, be certsin that
the train upon which you then embark is sound
and in good condition and under the control of
sober and competent officers, le-t a collision or
running off the track, or a break down, may
end iu broken bones and :mangled limbs and
loss of life to ranny who thought they were
only on a pleasure trip.
Be certain you do not "jump out of the fry
ing pan into the fire." Lincoln says we have no
Confederate Government, no Nationality but
that we are a State. Now by holding a Con
vention to treat.with Lincoln as a State, do you
not ignore the existence of our Confederate
Government and play directlv into his hand
and aid him in his great plan of our subjuga
tion ?
A fltUB FRIEND OF NORtH CAROLINA.
Richmond Stuck Market.
REPORTED jJY R. H. MAUKT & CJ.
Richmond, Feb. 8. '
Gold 20 to 2S for one. weak ; Bank Notes,
3C0 to 350 for one ; Sterling, 1st c.ass, 22 foi
one, tendency downward.
Bonds Virginia State 6 per cent. last
sales long dates 240 and int.
North Carolina, new G per cent. 270a275
and int.
Missouri State 6 percent. last sales, 50t)a
525. North Carolina, old 5 per cent. 575a600.
North Carolina, hew 8 per cent., 270a275
and interest. " '
Confederate States 15.000,000 Coupon
Bonds 180alCJ. Registered do. 145U50 aud,
iut.
Confederate States 100,000,000, 125.
Confederate Stales' 7 per ceu. lOlalOlJ
and interest.
This is a hard fortuue ! as the counterfeiter
said when be found himself cutting stone iu
the State prison.
On to Richmond, Asain. The New Yorl
World makes the following editorial comrneir
on an article from the Washington military
correspondent of the N.Y. Times, foreshadow
ing the plans of thj War Department for. a
grand campaign against Richmond the ensu
iug spring : .
A letter writer in iRe Times makes cert?
revelations in connection with the army of th
Potomac, aud the coming spring campaigr
which, if true, should lead to his arrest an
puuishtneut as a Confederate spy ; and which,
if not true, is an imposition upon.the public, ,
he claims to write from positive knowledg
He says that wh.n th spring opens two sepa
rate armies will opetite against Richmond
one overland, under Gen. Meafe, and tiieothe
hy way of the Peninsula, under General Ilau0
cock. He admits that the military tinker
at Washington have at iast discovered, wha
General HcClollan knew and told then
in the fall of 1861, that the rebel capiti
cannot be taken oin the direction of the Rap
idan river. That line is now admitted to b
all Out impregnable. t It can only be turned,.,
saj's the Times writer, from the Peninsula, an-,
hence two armies wiil be employed for tl
work, either one of which will be. able to cp
with any arm Lee ca.i bring into the fie.
to defeud Richmond. We are inclined to be .
lieve that this must be the .scheme of the ad
ministration, because it is precisely tiie one the;
should not adopt. It is a great military inb
take, in the first place, to divide your forc
and operate from two opposite poims of th
compass against an enemy situated in the centi
of the circle. One hundred and fifty thousan .)
men in oue army woulij, be far more . likely t
capture Richmond than two armies of on
hundred thousad each not within supportin
distance of each other. This is so obvious th:.
it needs no argument to prove it.
In the next-place, ff two srmies are to opera!
nginst Richmond, either of them large enoug ,
to c pe singly with the main rebel arm v, it wid
be a wiste of material and soldiers. The con
ccn'ration of a quarter f a million of men i
Virginia. wU weaken all our other armies ti
just that exteut. liy so much will we lose 1
military strength in the West and on thv sen
ci.it, without gaining any strength in Virginia,
The truth is, the proper military line :
advance against Richmond is hy way of tl
J uaes river. Let a hundred ami fifty thousan
troops be placed on the peninsnbi," under th 1
command ot a Competent general, and by nej.
May the rebel capital will he euis. Thirt
thousand men will be sufficient to guard Wash
ington. When the administration, in this as i
all their other military movements, cciie b ic
to tiie pbMM of General McCiullan, they wid
succeed ; but not until theu."
We have a copy (says tho Richmond. Sen
tine!) of the Panama Herald, published at Na
sau, New Providence, as late as the 2Cd
January. There is not much news containe
in the number before us, but its tone is ver
friendly to the "Confederate States, and dec:
dedly hostile to the Yankee Government. W
copy the following article from the Herald, o
the subject of recognition ; -
NaVal RtccGsiri Notwnhstan iin ;
the fa t that the Great Eur pean Powers sti i
withhoW the political recognition of the South
ern States of America, in every other repet
they are lust receiving the justice due them.
Socially they have been long recognized b '
the civil and revenue regulations of all cour.
tries, their commercial status is universalK
acknowledged upon the same basis as auindi -pendent
power, (by being recognized bellige
rents,) and we see by the l ist number of Mat
ryatt's naval signals Lr 1804, just received i
Nassau, that their different standards ire er
graved and displayed in that work along wit
those of other independent powers, as eutitie I
to respect and recognition. This Jatter fai
also embraces the privilege of insurance an
the in aratime rights cou-equent thereunto. '
Never was the true old maxim that "Rev
oli.ti ins . ever go backwards," b. tier lllusirat
ed itiau in tho ca.e of. tiie Southern Con ted
er.icy. Their credits and commercial rela
tions long ago estabii.-died abroad, ia develop
ing its elhct. . Al'er ail, commerce is th
great, kiln;, ar.d as we see its department .
wheeling iu'.o line, one after another, admit
ting ihe in disputable existence "of a nation, i
will Hot be long before tiie bands of red t ipo
wiil roi out and the p htical schemers giv ;
way to the triumphant march of Truth an
Ju.-tioe. T:;e Confederacy has had two bat
tles, to fiuhf. one w 1 1 i her enemies, another
with -her friends. We hope before many
months pass, the latter will b- wcE, aud tha
accomplished, the history of the pat three
yens guarantees the triumphant and .success
ful result of the former.
Tbc Small Pox.
As small pox is becoming epidemic in many
parts of the Confederacy, the press should as
sist in extending the subjoined recommenda
tion. The fly trap or pitcher plant grows
abundantly, and can be found extensively in
South Carolina. It can be us d as a tinc ure.
or in decogti n,'as is suggested below. can
a bi obtained at all .drug stores. If we
have really an antidote t.i. this dread til so-rurgc
and loathsome dUeahe in an innocent plant,
which gwsvs all around us, there is no better
time than the present to establish if efficacy'
and extend its usefulness :
AVfvrf.
To the Hditor of th. Even ing Jfail, Loudon, Eng.
stiH. : -
Sonif time ago, eing a paper written by
.S--istaut Surgeou Miles, of tLe lloy.il Artillery,
on the rficacy of the North American plant,
cailed the tttracniu purpifca or pitcher plant,
in the treatment of small pox among the Indians,
my collegue (Mr Apids) and myelf have
given this remedy, which has been imported into
this country by Dr. Miles,S fair trial and I am
happy to say the eleven cases in our hands have
recovered under its peculiar influet-c.
This remedy I consider a boon to the public,
f r thi$a3'on it is so easily mannged, any
one c afraake a decoction or infu.-duu of tfie
root, like tea.
An o'wrice of tiie root is sliced and infused
in a quartet" water and allowed, to simirer
downlo a pint, ami given in two table spoon
ful doses every four hours, while the patient
is well nourished with beeftpa and arrow root.
Four of the cases in my hospital have been
severe confluent cases: ('confluent" means
where the head, face and neck are swollen into
a mis-shapen mass-, and the pustules thickly
running into each other ;) they have throughout
the disease all ben perfectly sensible, have
had excellent appetites, been free from pain,
aud have nevr lelt weak. The effects ot this
mediwinc, which I have carefully" watched,
seemed to arrest the development of the pus
tules, killing, as it were, the rii from
within, thereby changing the character of the
disease, and doing away with the cause of
the pitting, '(if I may so express myself to the
uninitiated.) ami thus avoiding the necessity
of gutfa pcrcha and india rubber applications,
or of opening the pustules. In ny opinion,
all anticipations of didiguremeut from pitth g
may now be calmed, if this medicine is givtu
fmni the commencement of the disease.
Before leaving this subject, I may here cau
tion the public that the useful pait of the plant
is its root, as recommendel by Dr. Miles. With
the usual kindnese of Dr. Gibson, the Director
General, I have been amply supplied with it'
for the use .of !ay regiment. So much am I
impressed with the efficacy of it in small pox
over the old mode of 'treatment, tat I hope to
hear of it in every country gentleman's chest,
and before long that wc shall see no ruoro
faces,s described by Dickens, like the interi
or surfaces of sliced muflius. I am, sir, yours
tai t fully.
(Signed) - Cosmo G. Logie,
Surgeon-Major Royal Horse Guards (Blue.)
Windsor, May 25, 1863.
Some girls in kissing pune up tbeir mouths
a$ if they were about to perform on the flageo
let. This is wrong. Kissing is a luxury
which should be indulged in with an appetite,
and not rabbled at as if it were 'ipizen."
From the Fajctteville Carolinian.
Win re does North Carolina Stand ?
Thus far the position of N'Tth Carolina has
been such, as to be apreciitrd very improp
erly, by those citixens of onr country who are
unacquainted with the polities and parties an
thev e isted in this State before the com
mencement of Mr. Lincoln' adminittration
as Pres lent of the United States. Grave
charges have been preferred against many of
her people, charge of disloyalty, charges
against nor noblest a ns,j her truest patriot,
and even'Gov. Vance has not escaped- their
malice, and the slanderous reports of envious
and wicked men.
But while this feeling has been unjttsjfi ible
to a very greater extern, and while the sins of
a few men should not condemn to infamy a
whole people.can we deny that there has been
seemingly, g'wd reasjn to believe that a num
ber of our citizens were. either very ignorant,
and unskilled in the lesson of political wis
dom, or that they have been governed By
Wry impure notions, and are in tho highest
ucgree traitorous, and untrue. ,
Then to prevent misapprehension in the fu
ture, to do justice to North C rdina as a Mate
and people, while we seek n i to defend th se
who have sought to f.tlll down the t:olle edi
fice which has been erected on the firm and
rfneient foundations of a proper feeling of
patriotism, and a deeply invplanted sentiment
of resistance to every form of tyranny and
despotism, let us endeavor to show lo- the
country and to the world, that our record
may be unspotted when. the history of this
righteous war is written, where North Caro
lina s ands, and define the difference between
an iridep-ndetit support of a constitution d
Government, and "a bliud a id unr.-a- uiiug
adora'ioii of an adminis'.rati u. li .wwr ptnc
and patriotic we iu iy esfeiii it ; p-o-. it toe
distinction b. tw.v-n an i impartial on icim of
th measures of a government which is dis
posal to rely too much on its own Jfcvng'h in
defiance of popular sentiment, and a d".Mie
to subvert the loiivd.tf ins of til tt government,
and a wih to detr"y it powers. T be leve
that the p -opic ' this S'.ate are wi'iiig to
sacrifice honor a id ali Jiiosj noble a. id r f:i' d
fc iings, wl.icb true ami cuhivat-i iwn p os
sess. U r a weak, unstable, Uncertain Peace,
ai d tii at. too, coupled with a do'ibt as to it
pernnticucy, to think, that the blood of Mdi
men a-i Petigrew, Pender, and liranch. cri 's
aloud in vain f r vengeinc;, and tail t hist
pe p!e are wiling to strike .hands will) ihe
f "em; n who has invaded and iusult'-d them,
is i d great injustice to North Car e'iti i.
J.hit to hide the. fact that ituthe midst of the
State there are deniogognes and unsenipuli us
men, who are oxpen ling all their energies
and exhausting all their mms to break down
the" credit of the government and impede
the advance of our people ahig the road to
honor and - renown to deny thai there are
men in our State who4i ive allowed prejudice
and paMns, patty feelings and by-g .ne
personalities to lead them onto a direct ad
op'in issue with the authorities; t disguise
the belief of the existence ' a small party of
such men, would be to imp is" on the intelli
gence of the people, and to treat the subject
very utifaiily; and. fothe sake of State
pride, sacrifice that pure gem of truth and
honesty, which we trust, in our disciodou of
this question, we will keep always in view.
All int'dligent men inns know that any
settlement ot our difficulties on any other basis
ihan that f a complete separate rationality,
wilk.be sadly disastrous in its effects. All
well read people know that vhohe men in N rth
Carolina who call for a C nveotiop of ihe
people, and who advocate the policy" of our
taking our affairs in our own hand, while
they claim that they wish only for an " hon
orable peace." the details of which settlement
they are unwilling to proclaim to the people,
wNdd accept any terms certainly sucli terms
as no honorable community would Toe 'viiiii g
to submit to, or entertain for a moment.
Every one ktivws full well that' any re-eon-struction
by the State of North Caro!iiit, if
such a thing were ever so possible, would only
tend to prolong the war, and trailer the
troops from the Confederate a1 my, to that of
the United States, and bring the tniseiies and
horrors of war nearer our own doors Tiomj
can any sane man believe, that a majority of
the people nf.jhts State will svpport any
measiif which "will tend to induce this state
of affairs ? Certainly no intelligent and ip
right man ; no patriot or person who is not
l"st to erery emotion of Junior, and every
feeling of integrity, can wish for this acfi..iif
which mu.-t "bring with it an .overwhelming
chaos in our affairs.
Only tho-e men who were disappointed irF
obtaining office or power under the C inn-derate
government, if those who'. treas 'u . h .s
carritd them so far (hat if we should succeed
(as we will certninly do.) i.n establishing our
independence, they would be buried in inU.nv
forever, are in .the ranks of that vey shiaU
minority.
Such leaders and such followers only, are
willing that the past shall go for nothing ;
and those who magnify this vvil do a inurh
to deMroy confidence and cripple tin off H tsof
the government as the men thry in comm m
with till good p -ople condemn.
At another linv? we. will a lvtnrp a f-vv
con'sidt rations in support of the p Mti u we
have taken here, and cno'-ivor o. pr .ve that
all the empty croaking about North Carolina's
tin undtiess, is a slander on our people, and
h -s no roundition in truth. That we b ive
bid; treacherous men in our midst, we do not
doubt, but surely a large noj irity of our p o
ple are iii -t lot t honor and prid"
A SON Ot CAROLINA.
A Whole Company is Bibi.k Ci.as.
A corropondent of the "Christsau Index'
says :
'I heard, several days since, of a company
in onei.f our Virginia regiments, which mini-
beis tiiihty men, all of whom, ex ept ten, re
connected with the different evan-.'ehea! ie
noniinations. Uilde ctasses have b'en f .rm l
embracing the "ntire Company ; and t! e 1 tt'e
handful who a;o yet '-out of Chri.-t" give
manifest tokens of deep religious impression.
These are the things which blunt and deaden
the pangs of war. It is pleasant to know
tnat, it the lives of our heroic defenders must
be perilled, there re so many instai c-s in
which tiie perij reaches not to the soul.
A Fiddlkr. When Wright's Georgia
regiment was drawn up in line of battle to jt.
...... c i 1 . ,
'"i" ' nrtM ngni, ai Mills, in
rorth
Carolina, Wright, (now a Major General) in
in 1 mm i 1H regiment, obser-d a
tall, gaunt fellow, with a violin case stiapped
fo his back. Wright asked him "what he
was going to do with his fidifle?" The rude
soldier had never heard of Mirabeau's ding
exclamation, but he almost quoted it when he
said he wanted to "die to tl.e .-ound of B-ty."
this being the term of endearment which he
app'ied to his violin.
After the. fight was over, the fiddling sol
dier did not answer at roll call. He" was
foud with a broken leg at the root of a tree,
to which he had crawled, qnietiy sawing tho
strings of "Bei.y."
Escapkd euom Fobt McIIexry. Acting
Master J. W. llebh, of the Confederate States
1. vy, recently eft cted his escape from Fort J
Mcllenry, au-1, afier hair-breadth eecajKs, by
flood and field, reached this city on -yesterday.
He brings some isaerestir.g intelligence relative
to the extensive desertions from Meade's army,
evidence of which he met in abundance on his
journey. It was curreutly reported and gene
rally believed in Baltimore and the section of
Maryland through which he traveled, that ihe
greater portion of M; a'f-'s 'irmy was 111 ond
about Washington uty. liiihmond Enquirer.
From the Richmond K
'"l"irr.
The Last Kald.
Ust Sabbath seem to have retire.! n. ... IV 'f
as thev came. bumJi j rumors as t
whereabouts and intention agitued t' '"u
face of Richmond society yesterday I .h?!!''
were not traceable to any leli.ude fen. i J
U:.e bad it that the enemy had H1(.ni
!ti-.r.
capturing a company ueionging i0
couioe uegton.
it,
Gem. Lbk's Army. A' letter hcfore u,
an oUicer in tho army of Northern y;'
dated the 3d inst , gives tbc gratitjir ,r
gence that a large majority of tlJf ,C(lt'!1,,'"':
Of that army are voluutarily rc-enli-tj,,'-war.
The writer says that imn.--u-i.ths ..'r'""
men expect and urt willing t. tilv in S(,. 1,4
and fight 0 the hut, bill u jjreut iu miv 'h '
chauge coiupiiides aud l eu'tio r.touu.l i,!ff l'
of the service iu which tUey are n.,w s( rv'
This the writer hopes that Congress will I '
t ie wisdom not to let them do, becms,.
twill td diorirmiiie the nrmv 1 .... uo
- - o j i u e i
of the men are iu need fcf overcoittx,' baLr
ml aln hut the littler wnnt i I...:..- .' . '
r . . , ... ..." .'"Bw.t
hv hdnvv iter li I4 nf Hboeinnkora f.. 1 '
v , ........ . 1 (Mil iiiHrwi
who have been engaged for some tune .
i.Vg
supplying the need of their breibrm in arn
General Staart, coinmanding the old tt t
Brigade, was the 6rt to commence by u "
means to supply his men with the M..'?
articles, having detailed thirty bhoeimik. , f
that purpose These warrior sens of St. Cri-p"
are now nuking their comrades rej-dce att !
prospect of a protection to their pe i d estr--,!
ties..whicli have been long exposed to the bin.,
cold of winter.
o
Lett.tr. dv Flag ok Thi ck Upon j,,.
quiry at the proper - flice, we have reeci ',j
the following information which we puh',1.,
for the bent titt' all interested:
L tteis to go Nortti, or any wh.-Tc ' outi.'..
of the Confederate li ire, inut not U- i,f .tTvr'r,
jeugth-than one page of or hnary hizeil" ,:V,n
paper. . The coiitcnt.s intl-t b'wtitet'y i-oi.,i tj
to private or f.tioi.y matters. Km-l.,.
letter iu an envelope addreed to the n..r ..
tor whom it is intended, putting on the
Vc'ope a United Slates p. stage !U:np, r ;f
thttcaii'iot he obtained, tive cents in ty,.,
it. side. (Coufe derate in nicy will u , l (
Leave th-t letter uneahl and end. it ;1
another tcdci envelope, addree . t 1 ('.ot.
Win. II. Hatch, As-istant Agent ., V. llUXV
War Deparuneni, Richmond, Va., w h i w,i
;ive ft the proper destination.
For The Confeilerato.
The Tn ent) i?hth Kcgimrnt Ke-KnIMcd.
At a meeting held in Company " C," -Sti
N. 0. T., January 3U.h. 18i4, Capt. T. J.
Lii ehargHr was called to the Chair, and Cori;
Ct. A. Abernelhy appointed S-cretry.
The obj -ct of the meeti g having bw n ex.
pi lined by the President, Lt. M. A. Tl itii.
burg, and privates J. M. Orioe aud J. p.
Little were appointed a Committee to dra-'t
Reholu.iotis expressive of tic sentiments cf
the rneelitigs.
N Li- ut. Tnorueburg, from tl.e Committee a
R solutions, n prrted aud read the f I i - a i i .
preamble and -resolutions, which were uuani-
lnolly ailoptetf :
WiititKAs, The term of ervicc f.-r which
we e.disted will exjiirc in August next ; ml
wiieicis, tho exigencies of the seri:e d-iii.i:il
of every soldier to remain at his pot an 1 tote
tii. tie to do battle for his coiiutiy's rig!.'..:
Tocreforc be it
Ileotced, Uy the oflirs and tnen f ,,,).
piny C, '2$'.h N. C. T., that we, helievu.s
imiih' tle a holy and jtift one, do lenlv
pl-ilge ourselves to rc-enlist for the wr, .ml
d lurtheruiorc declare our intention i cm i t
lay down iur arms, or abandon tue s'rag.iv
till our (JoVcrniuent shall be rcogni..-.!, . ur
s -il f reed l?'tin the invader, our lil.eit.es se
cured, and peace restored to our bieeiii.
country.
Ilcnolccd, That wc earnestly rcq ot a ; ,.
eral Convention of the R 'inu.it t ui et . .1
M .odiy. F.b. lt, LSU4.
ltnilvd, Tnat the Secretary c niniu't.ic r.e
a cpy-iif tlie-c res 'i ions to Urig. li 11 Ik
also a copy in 0l. Spec, with tha rni i
th it they be puhlinh 1 on p. ra le this
no. in.
T .1. LlXLHAR'iKR, President.
(il A. Aut:.;Kfci uy, Secy.
IlEll ARTtRS o.Sru N. ('. T., )
I brliaiy 5. 1804.
TLe R-g-iinent re-en lited khiiost to a niati
to-ilay, f r the war. It w as the tirt 'i.lii!.t-r
Regiment that re-organized for tloee year-. r
the war, and is now the first Regiment to i-
ri 1 1st I. r the wr iu th;s l.iigidc. It is tie
largest Regiment in he army f Northern
Virginia, and has been in all the battle aid
skirmishe that the Light I)iviioin have be 1
in. ' W. II A. SI'KKU,
Lt-Col. Cviiid'g Regiment..
A recent writer asseitj that I In has a tLan
knows, the wider he holds his mouth ojeu.
lie says; "It as impossible fr an igno
ramus to keephi.sjiws closed a s it is for a
sick oyter to keep his shell close!.''
The difference bee wren a ford and a look
Tig gh.ss is. that M r p ak.s w itl out reflcciii g,
and th other rellecls without sp-aking.
The annual meeting f the Storkhnl-lf rs f
the C'iiaiVlte &. S. U, Uaitioid, was held 11
Uolurnbia on Wednesday last. The Ti-ai
rer's report hows that the receipts f.f tie
Road fr rn all mrces iluring the.vejr, atii -mt
to $1.098,7t;3 I 0, expenditure $7 10 XtHti H.
What is the difference between a go'xl n.l
dier and af.ishiotiable lady ? "One faces tl.e
powder and the other powtjpr (he face."
A Scbptitctr tor Soap. As the fd!owh z
may be of interest to our inditHtrious Im---wives,
we pmlish it: The root of the buck
eve, when boiled with woolen, goods, forms a
rich -trong lather, supi rior in every wnj- to conp
for .cleaning wodenw."
STATE OF SOUTH CAKOUXA,
WAKKM (.'iiCXTT, f
' COURT OF EQ V I T '.
Tolm Harrison Ilawkiin, an infant under t!e
apj of twenty -nic years, bv James A. Efrton, bi
guardian and next" friend, "Charl. s M. k and
J.bn K. Miller, xe cuforn of thu lat will and to
lament of Winifred W. IUwkina, d-.-cait-J, aii 1
Jane li. Miller,
Agnimt
iJenjainin E. Cook, executor of Jblin II. Han-kit ,
dcceasssJ, John H. b'leininp-, Jane Walk. r. ! r
eilr Omeary,) Benjamin K. CKk and Sill.v H
Cook, his wite, John II. Kin. ball, of the Sat- f
Tcnneee, Fannv II. Kimball, of the on id Stat- . f
Tenneee, and Xancy Power of the State of Ab"
L.-ii'i.
It appearing from tlx? affidavit fil"d in th o?.'"'
of the -aia Court, tht John II. Kimbafl. Fant v 1!.
Kimball and NancyTuwer, three of tie- d t-i.iiat
iu fd. cause, reside beyond the limit of ti.i
State, it is therefore ordered that fuiil.cati.ti !
made in th ltaleigh Cunfederate, fur rix w ki.
notifying the said defendants of the filing of this
bill, and that unless they appear at tic u-xl term
of Raid Court, to be held at the Court Hue in
Wan-en ton, on the Third Mondav afnrthe Fourth
JloniJav of March next, and h a'd. anw-r or d
mur to th said bill, the atne will be taken a ceit
fessed and heard exparte as to them. Witic ,
Charles M. f'ok, Cl-rk and Mater oToaid C uf.
at office in Varrentin. the Third Monday alt .r
the Fourth Mondav of Ser.t'-inber. Im;3.
Isu-d 1st day of February, IS'W.
2-wOt ' C. A'l. COOK, C. M. n.
I7or $ale.-)ne nfffro boy about thirty
: years'of aee in rood hi-alth : an excellent
tenter. carriage drirer, and w ork hand.
Arr-lv 10 J. M. I.ITTbK,
feb. 3, 1SG4 10-dtw-w4t. Lexiufctun, N. 0.
IayfttfTllle, January 13, IKCI-Wantfil-'
IV ladv who i fully competent to teach tou-.C
on the Piano and th" English Branrln s. to tak
charge of a small school in a fainilv near Favitu
Tille. Addrese, . ' BOX 2":.
jan 18-w3t ' FajetUville, N. C
11