/ 1
/ THE
Weekly Jeefersonian.
Vol. I.
A Passing Glance at the Nelvs of the Week.
Another Special Message.
President Roosevelt is to send to the senate
another special message relating to his action in dis
charging three companies of negro troops from the
regular army. This message will accompany a special
report of Milton D. Purdy, assistant to the attorney
general, who was sent by the president to Browns
ville to get evidence that the charges against the
discharged negroes were true. The special agent
seems to have found an abundance of it. At the
same time the president realizes that he went be
yond his constitutional authority in declaring that the
discharged negroes should not, thereafter, re-enlist
in the army or navy, or obtain civil employment un
der the federal gove*nment. The latter portion of
his order will, therefore, be rescinded.
* M H
The Bailey Investigation.
On Friday the resolution pending in the' Texas
house of representatives demanding an investigation
of the charges against Senator Bailey, was intro
duced in the senate. The friends of Mr. Bailey have
been resorting to filibustering tactics. The legisla
ture must begin balloting for United States senator
on January 22nd, and by delaying the proposed in
vestigation until after the election, they hope to
evade it altogether.
HUM
Couldn’t Oust New
A little knot of anti-administration Republicans
started a movement to insist that acting Chairman
Harry New of the national committee call a meet
ing of the committee for the purpose of electing
a permanent chairman to succeed George B. Cortel
you who has resigned. Senator Scott of West Vir
ginia, was leader of the movement, and it was ru
mored that he either wanted the place himself or
wanted to name the man who filled it, all in the
interest of Mr. Fairbanks’ candidacy. His petition
secured three signatures, and the matter was al
lowed to drop.
M M M
The Frozen Northwest.
Fierce snow storms are prevailing in western
Minnesota and. North Dakota. Trains are from thir
ty-six to forty-eight hours late, and the snow is from
four to ten feet deep. Up in Manitoba the blizzard
is said to be the worst that the Canadian northwest
has ever experienced.
n h h
No Jap Fleet to Come.
The Japanese government has definitely decided
not to send the squadron of training ships to San
Francisco, which has been under discussion for some
time. She fully realizes the kindly sentiments which
prevail towards her on the part of our government,
but she does not lose sight of the intense feeling
which prevails in San Francisco itself.
•t M M
French Bishops Meet.
On Tuesday, in the old French chateau where
Louis XVI. and Marie Antoinette spent their honey
moon, the bishops of France are holding an assembly
to discuss the existing relations of Church and state.
On Saturday the Pope addressed to them an ency
clical, in which he urged them to stand firm. He
said that the minimum concessions necessary to the
A c ]\[elvspaper ‘Deboted to the Adbocacy of the Jeffersonian Theory of Gobernment.
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, January 17, 1907.
11l II ' 11''
'. ■ ' ''
'lll 111111 l ’ wßi ’ -;v i
Wk \ JWH MH
■gfcare? Hi
Ip I'wß I J
Q %i lMHhhh B
National Curse.
The Betrayers of the Republic, the Corruptors of Government, and the Enslavers of the People,
Boldly Claim to Be the “Safe and Sane” Element. Better Watch Out!
acceptance of the separation law were respect for
the “Catholic hierarchy, which is an indispensable
characteristic of Catholicism,’’ freedom of action
and the inviolability of church property. The same
note of protest and complaint which has marked
the recent attitude of the Vatican runs through the
encyclical.
4
HMM
Brander Matthews Decorated.
Mr. Brander Matthews, one of the most distinguish
ed literary men of America, who, with Andrew Carne
gie and President RoosevOlt, was largely responsible
for the movement in favor of simplified spelling,
has been given the decoration of the French legion
of honor. It was not for his simplified spelling, how
ever, but for his service to French literature.
Seven Pensions a Minute.
Friday was private pension day in the house of
representatives, and during the brief session, man
aged to dispose of six hundred and twenty-eight
pension bills, which; was at the rate of nearly seven
a minute.
HMM
Boss Murphy Wants a Recount.
Boss Murphy, of Tammany Hall, returned to the
Wigwam on Saturday after having “rested,” as he
expressed it, in Albany. When interviewed by the
newspaper men, he expressed himself in favor a
recount of the ballots cast in the contest between
Hearst and McClellan in 1905. He thinks the bfil
providing for opening the ballot boxes, will pass in
legislature.
No. 12.