n a
Mm
TUB CONFEDERATE.
WEDNESDAY, JU5K 1, 18M.I
STATE LEGISLATURE.
SENATE.
i
Monday, May 23, 1864.
Th- Senate was called to order at 11 o'chck
rr jt T.y the R-sv. Mr. Craven of the M:
E. rhuwh.
A eemniiinicarion from the Salt Commis
sioner fr the SUt. was received from the
H referred to the committee on fi-
ninco.
Alfo. a rommunieation from the Auditor
of public accounts, which was ordered to be
printed.
Alan, a resolution in favAr of the sureties of
J. 0. Smith, late sheriff of Alexander coiw.ty,
aMmvir them farther. time for the collection
of taxe.
The joint select committee in regard to sup
plviwx the wants of the families of indigent
soldieVs reported, recommending an'appropri
ntion of $1,000,000, and $7,000 to the fami
lies of Indian soldiers.
Mr. Hoke presented a bill, prohibiting th
:listilation of "grain ami sugar cane. Referred
to the committee on judiciary .
A resolution of thanks to the offiVrs and
oldiers of North Carolina w.s adopted for
their gallantry in this State au.T cIoCTrhere.
From the House, resolutibrs of thanks to
Gons. Hoke and Hansom nnl Commander
Ccok, snd the officers and solders unrVr their
command, for their gallantrv :md success in
the capture of the towns of Plymouth and
Washington, which were unanimously adopt
ed. A bill wa presented to anvnd the charter
of the town of CharioMe.
A message was r'ceivcd from the Houso
proposing to Taise a yint febrt committee, to
take into consideration the time ;.f a.'f.orn
menr. (Vmmittee on tha part of the .Senate,
Mers. Wiggins and Wol -y,
Also, from the noii3C a projvnd'ion o raie
a joint srlc cn?nv"'e r t?k- in-o? irIrra
tion the e. n''i''n nrd T' lief of citizens ot h?
town of Washington.
Mr. "Yonr? introduced a resolution for t!tc
relief of the families of indigent so'd it r. which
was read the first time and ordered to bo print
ed. BILLS, ETC., PASSKD 3RD RKAPTNO
A bill exempting institutions luteo-ll for
tho education and relief of tlw child i en of
soldiers from taxation.
A bill to incorporate the Fayt vill? manu
facturing company.
A bill to prevent the obstruction of the
passage of fish in Big Swamp.
A bill incorporating the Cra-s Creek manu
facturing company of Cumberhr.d conuty.
Resolution (from the House) in regard to
importing goods by the State for the u-e of
,the army, protesting against the action of Cn
gress, and the regulations arising then from, in
relation to the ' suhjert, and instructing the
members of Oontrress from this State to en
deavor to have the obstructions removal.
A bill to incorporate the soldiers female
home of Forsythc county.
A r"TMtion ;n favor of the. e"!rities of
T,Trii WiUinmn pheriff of Columbus county.
L'rintin further time for tho coilrctien ot
taxes,
A bill to incorporate the Stonewall import
ing and exporting company.
A bill to incorporate the Iron forf bridge
company.
A bid approving the action of the Pubfio
Treasurer in regard to the receipt of m wy fr
tac.
A bill incorporating the Yanceyville female
seminary.
A hill authorizing the removal of causes
Pending in counties subject to the interruption
of tho public enemv. to other counties within
the sime judicial d:trict.
A resolution in favor of J. C. Griffith, sheriff
of Caswell county.
"A resolution in favor of Alexander Smith
of Transylvania county, exempting him from
taxation.
Mr. Sharpe presented a bill to incorporate
tho Plaster-banks and Saltworks Railroad
company. The bill provides that tbe mad
run"froniState8viHe to some point on the Vir
ginia and North Carolina line, in the direction
of the Virginia Saltworks.
A bill was taken up, on its second reading,
imposing a tax of 25 per cent, on eight pr
cent, coupon bonds, which elicited some di
r:ision. and. on motion, was made tho order
of business for to-morrow 10 o'clck.
Adjourned till to-morrow 10 o'clock.
Tuesday, May 24th, I8U4.
Tou S?nato :nct at 10 o'clock. Prayer hy
Kv. J. J. Lansdcll of the .Riptist church.
The committee on internal improvements
reported favorably to the bill amending tho
charter of the Piedmont Railroad Company;
nod also, to incorporate the PJaster-b .inks and
alt-works Railroad Company both of
which were subsequently taken up, urn' pars
ed tuoir several reading;.
Mr. Smith, of Maooo, presented a bill for
the suspense of the collection of taxes in
regain counties, which wan suh( jucutly
taken up and referred to the comnittcc ou
Finance.
Mr. Murrill offered a resolution instructing
our representatives and Senators in Congress
to urge a modification of the tithing law, so
as to exempt from tithing, in pork, the fami
lies of soldiers having less than 00 lbs.,
passes its several readings.
The majority of the select committee on
conscriptions and exemptions reported) to tho
effect that they do not consider this tho time
or the place to sit in judgment on the con
stitutionality of the subject, that being a ques
tion for the courts. The report favors, also,
the conscription of able" bodied magistrates
and militia and home guard officers.
Mr. Boyden presented a minority report on
the same subject in opposition to that of the
mojerity, representing that the act of con
scription is unconstitutional, and declaring
the power of the State legislature to make
exemptions.
On motion, the reports were ordered to b
printed and made the order of the day for
Thursday, at 11 lock.
A bill was received from the House, provid
ing for the appointment of an agent by the
Governor to prosecute tho claims of tbe legal
representatives of deceased soldiers, together
with a message from the Governor, urging
the enactment of suoh a law. m Referred te the
committee on Military Affairs.
A bill from the House to restore the terms
of the Supremo. Court. Pat upon its several
readings and passed,
A bill from the House taxing eight per cent
coupon bonds twenty-five per cent.
A proposition from the House in regard to
the Cherokee Indians.
A bill from the House to restore the Supe
rior Court in Harnett county, was put upon
it ' -evrl readings aad fd.
i i. . i, ;...' ''! 1 1 v 'J nitli hf House in the
a '. .tin? tt ot iv-T' .1 !' if r. t the 1V. e.
A bill from the House in rerererce to Col.
Ma.lett's battdion, providing for their being
put into the regular service, was referred.
A bill from the House to enlarge tbs (pow
ers of tbn commissioners of the town of Wil
mington, authorizing them to impose a tax on
the proceeds of anciion sales. Put upon its
.several readings and passed.
from th committee on ad-
I jonrnment reported, verbally, in favor of ad
journing next Monday at o o cioc -
A bill to amend tha charter of the town of
Charlotte, pas-ed is several reading
A resolution instructing ne run ni.
rer to pay over to the sinking fund certain
money paid into the Treasury by tte Confed
erate aoTermnent, was taken up and la,4 en.
the table.
Th iwnArf - nn the Habeas Corpus were-
made the order of business for to-morrow 11
o'clock
A resolution to exempt State officers of ev
ery class, was made tbe order for Thursday 11
o'clock.
A bill allowing A. J. Hood, of Mecklen
burg county, further time to colleet taxes
passed its several readings.
Resolution by Mr. Wooley, allowing the
Speakers of the two Houses $35, principal
clerks $40, doorkeepers $40, and engrossing
cletks 35 per diem, with some other allow
ances, Vas put upon n several readings and.
TkASSClt-
! A bill authorizing justh-cs of th .eace, in
ccnam eases, xo can a ppct-mi im .ij
or June to levy conuty Uxes, passt-d ito kcvc
ral readings.
A resolution authoriz'ng H.D. Deaver. of
Madison eunty to collect taxes for 1861,
C2 '63, pa?sed i several readings.
A bill authorizing tha sale of the o'd iail in
Watauga count v, pa?s d its several readings.
A bill in favor of J. A. Loug, sheriff of
Richmond connty, in regard to collection of
taxes, pn? e its several readings.
Also, a Id!! to incorporate the Cape Fear
Lodse, No. 194.
Also, a resolution iu regard to the collection
of taxas in Watauga county.
A!30 a bill amendatory of an act to pre--vent
(b? difeiill'iua of gpdn iuto bj'iritu ius
liu-rs.
Also, a bill imposing penty ol $10f upo.i
public miners :or receiving mre toll than th-y
are all )T ed by law.
Also, a resnrH'ion by Mr. Ellis, requiring
the Secretary of Jvate to purchase and place
in the pblic library copies of all the Confede
rate laws.
Senate adjourned until to-morrow 10 o'clock.
Wmn-t.3day, May 25th. 1804,
The Senate was called to order at 10 o'clock.
Prayer by the Rev. Dr. Craven, of the M.
E. Church.
A resolution from the House fixing the
time nf adjournment at next Monday, at 5
o'clock, a. m., was adopted.
A resolution ottered by Mr. Smith, of M i
con, to suspend the collection of taxes iu ccr
tain c. unties for tho present year, was laid tm
the tf.bse.
A resolution was offered by Mr. LaaiSer in
structing the Public Tm usurer, that if as
much as $3,000,000, should bo paid into "the
Public Treasury by the Confederate goveru
meut as early as the 1st of .Inly, that he isue
circulars U the sherifi and tax collectors
tl.ruug iont tho Sta:e directing them to sus
jtnd ihc collection of taxes for the present
year.
A bill Y,.m out red bv Mr. Wright in re'a-
tiou io die baiaries of judges, winch ws re
fe ncd:
A bill was introduced by Mr. Patrick ex
empting the xnayor ar.d commissi mers of the
town of Kinston, from conscription. Refer
led.
A bill amenJiug the charter of the Western
Plank Road company passed its second read
ing. Te Speaker announced that the order of
the day had arrived, to-wit : the reports of
the coiumitteii on the suspension of the privi-
j leges ol the writ ot iiaueas corpus.
t Mr. Hall addressed the Senate at leng h. in
j la vui ot the ouspendion ; aud he was lcplitd
to Ly jur. waiieu.
Mr. Brown spoke in opposition to the
minority report.
TWu yeas and nays being called on the
minority report, the result w.i a follows : .
YzAi Messri-. Ay cock, CaiTavvAv, Copeland,
Pickson, Ellis, Fsison, Ra 1, Uarriss of Franklin,
Hoke, llolenian, Lindsay, Outlaw, P tchford,
Px well, Sijiptwn, Smith or Anson, and Ycung
17. -
Nay Messrs. Adams of Baridson, Adams of
Guilford, Arendell, Bagley, Berry, Blount, Boy
den, Brown, Harris of Rutherford, Jones. La.si
ter, Iiitcb, Matthews, Murrill, Neal, Pattnn,
Patrick. Saaders, Sharpe, Slaughter, Smith of
Meon, Smith of SUcl.v, Tayler of Chatham,
Warren, Wbitford, V'iggiu!?, Wooley aBd
Wiiiht-23.
Senate adjurncd lo 3 o'clock, P. M.
AFTKRNOO.N aKSblON.
The question was on the aihption ot the re
port of he majority.
Mr. Borden spoxe at leDgth in favor of ihe
rrport, basing his argument on precedents iu
English practice.
Mr. tJarraway opposed the report at some
length.
Mr. Copeland offered a substitute to the
effect that the whole subject be left entirely
with Congress.
Adjourned to to-morrow 9 o'clock.
HOUSE OP COMMONS.
Monday May 23rd 18G4.
The House was called to order at ten o'clock
a. m.
The journal of Saturday was read and ap
proved. Mr. Nessen presented a memorial from the
Mayor and Commissioners of the Town of
Salem, asking an exemption from Conscrip
tion for the officers of the Fire Department
in said town. Referred. '
A message from the Governor transmitted
to the House a report from the Commissioner
appointed for the collection of Cherokee Bonds.
Sent to the Senate with a proposition to print.
Mr. McCormick, from the committed on
the Asylum for the Deaf and Dumb nd the
Blind, reported "a bill concerning the Institu
tion for the Deaf and Dumb aud the Blind,
which passed- its seaeraf readings under a
suspension of the rules. This bill increases
the annual appropriation for the support of
said institution to $75,000.
Mr. Shepherd, from a select committee,
reported "resolutions to be laid before Con
gress, in reference to the rights of North
Carolina in the importation of goods." Adop
ted. ft
Mr. McKay, from uxe joint selecirnfs
to ascertain what farther legisliionj-v oe
Utfce&sary to render effectual "an actw resfore
the courts," reported 'a bill to amend an act
to restore the courts and for other purposes."
Passed its several readings, under a suspen
sion of the rules.
Mr. Shepherd introduced resolutions rela
tive to a basis of peace. Referred to a select
committee of five ordered to be printed and
made thTia1 order f.T 12 o'clock m. ou
Wedu.d t.fxt.
Mr. Patterson, a resolutfeu i in favor of Wal
ter A. Thompson. Refer mr . .If
Mr. Rogers, a resolution a Uvjr of J. T.
Walker of Wake county, Ueh rreJ.
A mossuge was received; front the Governor,
recommending the appoint nenf of an agent
to facilitate the collection c ' bounty, &c, due
deceased soldiers. Les on, the table a bill
of like purview having heretofore re
ported.
Mr. Ingram, a bill ta tunthoriaso John A.
Long, sheriff of Richmond county, to collect
arrears of taxes.
Mr. C6bb,, bill to amontl tho act authorize
ing the fcsae ot saiall treasdrv notes.
Hr. Duna. hill antherize the Co j of
Pleas and Quarter Sessions of kenir COunty
to appoint a tax eollectwr.
Mr. Gaskins. a bill toamen ftn act entitled
"an act to exempt certa;(l officers and em
ployees of the Stats fr,m conscription."
Mr. Lemwooda, a m to exempt soldiers from
indietmentt Indefinitely postponed, vU niotioit
of Mr. Cowles. Yeas 90, nays 1.
Mr. Poy. a bill ta repeal " Aa Act concern
ing the Militia and a Guard for Home pefence."
BILLS OH 2ND READIKO.
A bill for the benefit of the legal representa
tives of deceased soldiers. Passed its 2nd and
3rd readings. Authorizes g0Teior to ap
point an aarent Vmh"i lary of $2500 per
-arum, to discharge tbe dutjea pecified in the
ui esage o f the Governor referred to above. Tbe
ageut is also allowed his necessary jsjponss. '
A bill to amend tbe charter of the Shelby aud
Broad River Railroad. Passed 2nd reading.
Also ft resolution in favor O d 8. aout
gomery. Alio a resolution in favor of Thos. J. Kennedy
A bill to amend An Act to prohibit tbedis
tillation ef spirituous liquors. Passed 2nd and
3rd reading. Prohibits distillation from buck
wheat and barley.
A bill to authorize Win. Ray of CleavelanJ
county, to oistil whiskey for meuioal purposes.
Laid on the table.
A bill Ui repeal An Aot to authorize tbe
Governor to employ slave labor on fortifications,
etc., was rejected on 2nd reading.
Mr. Eeall, (by Jeave) introduced a resolution
aMng the Governor fur information relative to
i tu; of'ri.MMBS of State ajents atfcaltville, va.
Adopted. .
i Mr. Shepherd, a resolution coucennng
; Miillrtt's Battalion', (Requests thaf. :his batial
J I n be. receiveil into the field service of the
I Coi; federate States, under its existing ovgani
i jwtiou.t Adopted.
A resolution concern iug the listing and col
Icetiu of taxes ir4 Watauga county, -and. a
resolution iu favor of 1J. B. Dcaver, late tax
collector of Madison couuty. Passed 2d and
3d reading.
A bill to authorize a special term of the
Couuty Court of Lenoir county to levy taxes ;
a bill to enlarge the powers ol the Commis
sioner. of the town of Wi'mington, and a bill
to incorporate Cape Fear Lode, No. 196, A.
Y. M.. passed 2d and 3d readings.
A bill to exempt certain eitizeus from tax
ation, was laid on the table.
A bill to auiori.e the County Court of
Watauga county to sell the old jail in said
county; and h bill to legalize the proceedings
of a term of the County Court of Davie
county informally held, passed 21 and 3d
jeading.
A message from tha Senate transmitted nn
engrossed bill to extend the time for com par
ing tho polls iu certain counties, and for
other purposes. ' Psed 1st r?adtng.
An entrrosel res-lutirn in relation t Gov.
Vance was also transmitted from the Senate
This resolution compbnie.nts- His Excel
lency for the faith fnlr ess j!nd ali'ity with
which he has dischnr. I the du'ie?; of his
"fhee, nrxl exp'reses C'li!"
rirv and pnfriiism. I
'ence in his intg-
Mr. Cobb offered nn amendment in the
shape -of nn addi'ioual resftimion. expics
si;i like confidenee in President Davis and a
grateful appreciation of thj her)isni of the
Holdiers.
On motion of Mr. CnKer, a dfvieion of the
queistion was ordered, and that clause of the
arnenumeuu c mmenaaiorv m me
re
ident
was adapted yeas, 45; nays 42 'fie sec
! ond clause of the amendment wa. una;;mous
i ' v adapted, nnd the qneittions recurring on the
resolutions ,as amended, they were adopted,
I with onlythrf e dissenting voti.
j The Houho then adjourned uuiil to-uiorpov
10 o'clock, a. iu.
Tuesday, May 24, 1864.
Ti.e House was called to order at 10 o'clock.
Prayer, by Rev. J- M. Atkinson, of the Pres
byterian Church.
'l'he journal of yesterday was road and ap
poved. - t '
Mr. Shepherd, from the finance committee,
j reported a bill to repeal a resolution passed at
i tlio session of 1860 '61. in relation to the
i w inter clothing of N. C. Troop,
i A bill u amend an ordinance of the State
I Oniveniiou, allowing soldiers to vote, passed
j iu second ar;d third readings, nn lor a sus
j peu. iou of the ruhs
t The joint select committee on sine die ad-
iniirnment of the two Houses, reported a reso
lution that they ad journ sine die on Monday
next, at 5 o'clock, a. m.
Mr. Brown introduced a resolution in favor
of John A. Stanly, Assiiaut Clerk of the
House, which was adopt!.
Mr. Kogers introduced tbe following rcso-
I lution, which was adopted:
' Resolved, That Ilis Excellency the. Governor be
' respectfully requested to inform this douse, if
j any officers io the Adjutant Grenei al's Department
j of this State, or any of his Staff ofiicers, are al-
io.ved to purchase supplies from the State stores;
and if so, what officers and at what prices for these
supplies. Also, what allowance, if any.. is made
I to said officers ia the way of forage for horses,
j-xoniuiutation for room rent and for wood. Also,
' it such allowances are - made for such supplies
purchased, what law authorizes the same ?
j BILLS OS 1ST BEADING.
j Mr. Love, a bill concerning the Judges af the
I Superior Courts of Law and Equity. Mr.
j Frauees, a bill to exempt certain persons from
i taxation. Mr. Hampton, a bill concerning the
sale of the old jail m the town of Wtlkesboro.
Mr. Person a bill to amend An Aot in relation to
the Bank of North Carolina. Mr. Shepherd, a
bill concerning the investment of trust funds in
Confederate bonds. .Mr. Shober, a bill tp
amend an Act for the relief of Landlords.
Mr. Amis moved to reconsider the vote by
which the House adopted air-yesterday, 'the re
solutions concerning Gov. Vance,
Mr. Carpenter moved that this motion be
laid on tbe table. Not agreed to. Ayes 23,
noes 80."
The question recurring on tho motion to re
consider, the motion prevailed.
The vote was then reconsidered by which
the resolution endorsing the .patriotism and
integrity of President Davis, and the question
recuQng on its 'adoption, a Jengthy discussion
ensued.
On motion of Mr. Oobb, the further con
sideration of the resolution was. postponed
until Thursday next at 12 o'clock a. m.
Tbe special order being the report of the
committee raised on so much of the Gover-
I pot's message as relates to the suspension of
we writ ot uaocas corpus, it was postponed,
and made the special order for 9 o'clock to-
mono morning.
! Mr. iV-or, by leave- iut induced a bill. to
incorporate the Mecklenburg Iron and Steel
Company- "
The llonso adjeurnod until to-morrow aporn
ing, 9 o'clock.
Wedejssdat, May 25, 1864.
The House was called to oder at 9 o'clock,
a.m.
On motion of Mr. Grissoro, the House post
poned the oorsideration of the special ordr
until the morning business is disposed of.
The jounnl of yesterday was read and ap
proved. Mr. GrW was granted .leave of absence from
and after to-day.
- Mr. Rogers presented a memorial from the
Commissioners of the city of Raloigh, concern
ing an enlargement of the city Cemetery ; also
a bill to cede to the city of Raleigh certain
lands for burial purposes. Passed tlrst read
ing. Mt jrVinhsfdt, ft memorial from citizens of
Cntawba couofy, asking authority to increase
the rates of toll on the toll bridge over Cataw
ba river; also a bill to increase said rates of
toll j which passed first reading.
Mr, Russell of Brunswick, rertorted from, tho
joint select committee, a resolution; in fa vet of
the Washington sufferers Approbates 50,-'
000.
Mr. Sliepherd introduced a bill to extend the
corporate limits of the town of Fayctle.Yilie
and for other purposes.
Mr. Henry of Henderson, a bill in relation
to guardians and wards in Transylzaiiia coon.-
The following enrrosed him from tfc-e Sen
ate, hod their first readings, via::
Tct incorporate the Ston?watl Impnrting
and EporT'flg Company. To incorporate the
Island Foi "d Toll Bridge Company in the
county of Hckingham. Resolntion in favor
of Alexander 3m'th of Transylvania To
authorise tho Sursties of Lewis Williamson
late Sherffcf Colymbus county, t collect
arrears of taxes. To prevent obstructions in
the Big Swamp by meaus of Fish Traps: To
alter the times of holding the Superior courts
in the sixth judicial circuit. Transferring can
sea in equity pending jn certain counties.
Resolution of thanks to the officers and soldiers
of North Carolina. Agreed to. To amend
an act to reside the courts arw for other
purposes. Resolutiouin ftivor of the spoaker,
clerks 'and dooikeepeis. Resolution request-
J iag our Senators an.l Representatives iu Con-
gress to urge a modification of the tithing
Jiaw, J?MnTre: iiesemnoo concerning the
aois of Congress.
Mr. Shepherd (by leave) introduced a bill
to c mood the charter of the Florence and
Fayette vj He Railroad Company. Also a bill
to aid in the construction of a Railroad from
Fayette vide lo Florence. (State appropriates
$400,000.)
The House then proceeded to consider tho .
special order, being resolutions concerning cer
taiu acts of the late Cjugrcss of the Confed
erate States, reported froau the committee on
so much of the Governor's message as relates
to the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus.
Mr. Waddell ofiered a substitute which de
clares the suspension of tho writ of habeas
cu) pus an unwise act and asks its repeal.
Mr. Grisaom opposed the substitute, and
regarded it as an evasivo, ' an equivocal man
ner of meeting the important questions at
issue.
Mr. Beall andressed th tu House at ien-rth,
opposing both the original resolution and th
substitute, and argued that the su;pepsion of
the writ was iccespary and benerieial.
Messrs. Grifsorn and McKay urgt d the pas
sate of tho resolution.
Mi. - De dl-rej'-ined.
Oti motion ot Mr. Person, th question was
divided, aud the House voted first on tha
propositions to strike out. .
. On motion of Mr. Person, the ayes and na3'S
were ordered. Thuse who voted iu the affirm
ative were :
Ares. Messrs. Beam, Brown, Bumpass, Bnrns,
Cobb, Costner, Crawford, Davis, Duke, Foy,
Francis, Gaskins, George, Gilliam, Harris of
Cabarrus, Harris, of Chatham, Hawes, Hen
derson, Hodges, Joyner, Judkins, Kirby, Lem
monds, Long, Peebles, Person, Rhodes, Keinhardt,
Kictiardeon, Rives, Robinson, Rues, Shepherd,
Spruill, Stancil, Waddelt and WiUiaras-37.
Those who voted in thanegative wer:
NAT?y Messrs. Allison, Albriton, Alford, Amis,
Afera, Beruhardt, Benburv, Bett, Bond, Burgin,
Carpenter Carson, Carter, Cowl-, Craig, Dunn,
FlyjU, Gt-ntry, Otcnn, Greene, Grissom, Hamp
ton, Harrison, Henry, of Bertie, Henry, of
H8nderson, Hollings worth, Howard, Horton,
Ingram, Jenkins, Laws, Mann, of Hyde, Mann,
of Pasquotank, McAden, McCormick, M-Kay,
McNeill, McRae, Nistsen, Patterson, Pearce,
Perkins, Riddick, RUtcr, Robbins, Rogers, Rus
sell, of Brunswick, Sherwood, Shobe, Smith, of
G.iulfjrd, Smith, of Washington, Walleu, Walser,
AV'atson, Wellborn, Woodatl, loung, of Iredell,
and Y ouog, of l"aucey 58.
Mi. Teebles tnovbd to strike out all after
the word "Resolved,"' and insert 'resolntijns
declaring substantially that whihj there x
ists, so far as this State is concerned, no ne
cessity for the suspension of the writot habeas
corpus, that thrs Legislature does not feel
called . upon to judge of the necessity of
such suspension, affecting equally all the
States of the Confederacy.
The House refnaed to strike out.
On motion of Mr. Amis, iho first resolution
was amended'by striking nntin the 6th line the
words "Ihe repeated and manifest infrac
tions,', and inserting tho words every infrac
tion, in lieu thereof.
Mr Waddell offered another suoststute for
tho resolution, almost identical in purport with
the one offered above by Mr. Peebles, which
was also rejected.
The question then recurring on the adoption,
of the resolutions, the Ayes and Nays were
ordered, on motion of Mr. Person.
Those who voted in the affirmative were
Axes Messrs. Allison, Albritton, Alford, Amis,
Avera, Bernhardt, Barringer, lienbnry, Best,
Bond, Burgin, Carpenter, Carson, Cowles, Craig,
Dunn, Flynt, Foy, Gutry, Glenu, Greene, Gru
eora, Hampton, 'Harris, of Chatham, Harrison,
Heury, of Bertie, Henry, of Henderson, Headen,
HolHngsworth, Howard, Horton, Ingram, Jenkins,
Joyner, Laws, Leathers, Long, Lyle, Maun, of
Hyde, Mann, ef 1'aaquotank, McAden, McCormick,
Moflar, McNeill, McRae, Nisacn, Patterson,
Pearce, Perkins, Riddlek, Bitter, Robbing, Ruas,
Rogers, Rosscll, of Branswiek, Sherwood, Smith,
of Guilford, Waddell, W alien, Walser, Watson,
ellborn, Woodalt, Young, of Iredell, Young,
of Yancey : 15-
Those who voted iu the negative were
Nats Messrs. Beall, Brown, Bumpass, Burns,
Cobb, Costner, Crawford, Davis, Duke, Francis,
Gaakina, George, Gilliam, Harrisof Cabarrus,
Hawes, Henderson, Hodges, Juuins, Kirby,
Lemraoads, Lore-, -Peebles, Person, Reynolds,
Rhodes, Richardson, Rives, Robinson, Shepherd,
Smith, of Washington, Staucill, Williams : 33.
So the resolutions were adopted.
Mr. Shepherd submitted resolutions concern
ing a basis of peace, which were made the
special order for 1 o'clock P. M. to-morrow.'
A message was received from the Senate,
transmitting an engrossed bill in relation tav
public Millers, which passed 1st reading.
A message from the Governor, tranamitting a
communication from the Adjutant General,
was road and sent to the Senate.
A bill to amend the Charter of the Shelby and
Broad River Rail Read, and resolutions in favor
of J. J. Montgomery and Thos. J. Kecdy,
passed th"hr 3rd readings.
j A litl to metrpnrnte the 5iecklculurg Irou
and Steel Cora piny. A bill to authorize the
removal of obstructions from Moore's creek ia
the county of Caswell, and a bill .to Amend the
Charter of Cheraw and Coal Fields Rail Road,
passed 2d and 8rd readings. . . ,
A bill to authorise the County Court of Lenoir
to appoint a-Tat Collector, passed its 2d read
ing. .
The Ifouso adjourned until to.morrow, 9
o'clock A. M.
Casualties ia Rnnsosa's Brigade.
THIRTY-FIFTH N. C. TROOPS.
Lit of Casualties in,&5th Regiment, N. C T.,
in tho battle near Drowry's Bluff. May 1 1,
1864. J
Co A, Wounded Private F Colt.
B, Killed Private Sem Moore. Wound
e Sergt J TJ Josten, mortally private Jas
England in hand.
C. Killed Ners't J- A Patterson, Privates
J A Johnson, N Morris. Wounded 1st Lt
N R Kellr, severe 2d Lt M Ray, severely
Privates D C -McDonald, severely, nnd N R
Jacktxm, slightly. Total killed 8 wound
ed 4.
d! Tottnded Privates H n Blenk. leff
! A Horton, in arm W H White, orer the eye
Total wounded 3,
E. Killed Private J W Chatham. Total
killed 1.
F, Wounded Private J N Fincher. arm.
t Total wohnded 1.
G, Wounded Private N Morris, slightly.
H, No casulaties.
I, SuppomhI to b killed aud in the hands of
the eueiuy G R Fuigan, Win Ikms and I
btpnen tlom. W.unded 21 Lt i; A
Wright, l6j Privates a Lechrin and J A
Denny, arm J W R Beard, leg O Vchcu,
siiniiv. lovai rtkiiieu o wououul o- j
K, VVounded-Oorp'l If G Sigmwk, slight
Privates A Ward, mortally U P Rlooket I
slightly. Total wounded 8
RECAPITULATION.
Officers killed q
Officers wounded 3
Enlisted men killed H
Enlisted m?r wounded
ToUl 7
J. G. JONES,
Col. 35ih Regimeut N. C. T
May 20tb, 1864.
List of casualties in the 35th Regimeut N..G.
Troops, commanded by Col. J. U. Jones,
in the fight on Friday, the 20th :
Field and Staff Killed No' je. Slightly
wounded Lt Col J T Johusou, Ensign. Wm
Stews H.
Company A, commanded by Lt Venters
Killeil none. Mortally woanded Frank
Alpin. Severely wounded A Kinsey, D
Henderson. Ely (kx, Owoa. padrick, Joseph
brjnsnn. Slightly wounWi Sergeant J W
Dawson, Wm Scott 8
B, commanded by aapt Black well none
killed or wouuded.
U, comioauded 15 capt Blue killed none.
Mortally wouuded' A Johnson.. Se.veiely
ivouuded 1J Hales, H Goins, J C Ferguson.
SligbiJy wounded G Libbette, Arch'd Han
nors, 1) T Cameron, in hands of enomy 7.
D, commanded by capf.R E Petty killed
2d terg'i J O Marks, corp'l J H Johnson, pri
vatis Jesse Bullard, J P Rosser, J L John
son. Seriously wounded capt R E Petty,
(in two places,). Severely woundedserg't
W J Johnson, corp'is.W H Harper. T BGnn
ter, privates VV. H Moore, S S Hatch, li 11
Johnson. Siiinly woundtd privates W J
Dryan, M Woruble, W U Groce, Jjhu Mann,
I Hammock, D Williams 18.
E, commanded by Lt Link killed Ib'fus
Shot well. Slightly wounded Win White,
John Rowes- 3
F, commanded by Capt. Howie Killed
Privates Wm. Fincher, A G Meanes, and T H
Lemmonds. Severely wounded Privates J
SA Lewis, P C Kexiah, P P Yandle. Slightly
wounded Corpl T A Fowler, privates W P
Ritch, H Prisley 9.
G, commanded by Capt C?e billed Prir
vte T "O Rlaekwell. Severely wolindad
Privates W AMorris. J P Redden, Slipiiily
wounded 1st lieut M L HenlQV, privates R
P Levi, W H Levi, J J Uvi, D L Redd.ng
field, TA Leach, G W BedjlintfCeld, W F
iiipr8 11. - -
H, commanded by Capt Dixoni Killed
None. Severely wouuded Privates A C Bark -ly,
J 0 Grk s&d-Hunter, Green Ilerreu, J D
Tatten, Tht.Wcijdall Slightly wounded
Corp's A G Hunter. G W Caldwell, privates
C R Alexander, J W Beaver. J R Cockran, T
M Hall, W J McLauffhlin, T J Wilson D W
Morris, John Hucks 16.
I, coromauded by Capt W A Ellis Killed
Sergt Alleu Smith, corpl James Pool, pri
vates J H McLaughlin, Daniel Jones, G W
Dinkinfv. Mortally wounded Captain W A
Ellis, private Benj Howell. Severely woun
ded Oorpl D S Westmoreland, Robert Wor-
el. Slighly wounded J Grubb, Steplicn
Worrell 11.
K, commanded by Capt Johnson Killed
Lieut J M Rockett. Severely wounded Corpl
W A Wilson, corpl A R Lines, private P
Hollar. Slightly wouuded Sergeant J. O
Sides, B F Aruey.
, UECAKTULATIOJT.
Coiianissioned Officers killed
" wou'bded
Eulisted Men killed
wouuded
1
5
15
70
ToUl
91
R. B. PEEBLES; Adj't.
List of Killed nl Wr.nniUd in tbe 40th Retr't. I
N. C. T. in the Battles of May 14th, 16th
. and 20th.
Field and Staff Wounded Col Lee M. Mc
Afee slight, C A Durham Capt & A Q M., dan
gerous, Assist. Surg R II Goods, missiog.
Co A, Kilted Lt H C Conley. Wounded
Capt G W Lyttle, dangerous, Jerry Walker, do,
Jcthro Ward, slight, D M Carmway, do., W B
Medford serious. N
CoB, Kiiled Noah Djllinger. Wounded
Lt Daniel Lattimore, slight, A H Pbilbeck, do
Thos Dosher, do, Amos Irvia, serious, seg't R
D Shields, doM John Lattimore, do., Ssml
Putnam, do.. Wm Wiggins, do., O P Gibson,'
dangerous, Alex. Fonts, do.
Co C, killedWiley B Daniel, Jas A Lafrict.
Wounded, serg't R A Stene slight, Ransom
Sides do., M L Plummer do., M Mak do.,
Dau'l Bailey do., corp'l .Thompson do., W A
Thompson do., James Thomas do., J A Hall
serious, W O Styers do., J M Staekleather do.,
N Ketchie do., Lawson Crest do., S S Benson do.,
E P Lentx.
Co D, Killed serg't J T McDonald. Wound
ed Stewart plight, J A Cox do., N Kennedy
do., Alexander Johnson Sr do., Neal Kennedy
do., li Cole serious, N B Caddie do., Alex
Johnson Jr do.
Co Killed P A Goodnight. Wounded
serg't A L t5rtght, NC Morrison serious,
J R Woods
Co F, Killed Capt Jas P Ardrty, Lieut Bar
nett. corn'l W J B Smith, nrirate W A Teve-
paufeh. Wounded Lt Elliott serious, serg't J '
Li Weeks slight, Wm Tidwell do., W M Hudson
do., S R Neal do., Z Porter d., 8 L Porter
serious, JM HWYd .T Culp d.t J H
Oeboiue do., J S Gnflith do , 1 S VtU do., A
., '
P Bpratt do.. D J Ray do., Thos D (V,,Tith
dangerous. R A Porlef, Jarqes Kerr, Daniel
Johnson, cAngefoUJ.
Co tJ, Wounded Lieut B F D-xn, s'ig',..
ly, J D DiHineer do, corpl T W Ihrrrm-r! ,
A W Huffsfickler do, W II Pntnam d ifij.rl
ous. R J Mifrhfim slJght, John Waters-m d
W B Bird stioih, J C Ncal dang.'nnii, J J
Uad serious, J M Waters slight.
Co H, Killed Srtgt E L Rtnkin, J hn
Pierce, E C McLean. 0 Knight, J L Clcmrm r,
J F. Whitcsides. Wounded Lut William
Lincbcrgcr.R G Flowers slight, W J Henley,
son serious, T Holland slfcht, E A MeNTair d,
A Cherry, do. J Huffsticklcr do W C P Wa.
ner do. James Hope do, T L Payne serious,
J II Hays do, Wm Bryson dangerous, L K
Linlart s ight, W D Martin dangerous, J G
Stowe serious Wm Linebargcr do, R F B'vd
slight, Wm Costlier serious, J Foy, A L Mo
Arthur dangerous, M L Pay sour wouodotl ami
missing, Wra Falls dangerous, A M McAllis
ter do.
QI, Killed Thompson Brown, corpl S
Tjpo. Wounded Sergt W J Long slicht,
Tacob Brown do, A Coll well d J P Collins
do, A J Litton do, J T Powell do, A Wickor;
slight. N Ct)lwell do, J C Hill dangero
Sitzer slight, F Loftio dangerous, P m
Brawkry serious, D L F Gobble vf T
Jones do, J W Wickoff do. J 1
11 AKii,0!""JOn -'tew. Vardrey An.
Hul Wounded- j H Baker serious,
r iA J Oi"xop,do. W R Fieeman,
slight, Geo Atwdry do, Z, Langton d, John
Iiowedo.v. P4irnaroer do, Dnv Blackburn
miasiog JOHN K. RUFFIX,
Sufgeou 49th N. C. T.
To-iiteDliioit oj tit Confederate:
Knowing the great aujuiety-felt at hum's
about their friepds in my company, I give yuu
a list of OQSuairiej in. all the ngbtLng p to
date, aiid uiot lespectfully ak you to pub
lish the same :
May &Lh, 18ti4-lst sergt- A N Caldwell,
wouuded severely through shoulder; private
R T Uiggfiand-Jiansoni Riiley, in bowels, and
left in enemy's lines; Alison Muney, rl;sh
wo'tHid through arm; Albert Many, fincershot
c-ffv. Bcuj Rje, in head slightly, H 11 Hi-h,
slicijtly. in arm.
May Otti George Richardson, left arm
broken.
. May 10th Killed John A W&stc&d; J J
B Yiek, wounded in breasr; Alsey i&p)tinA,
wounded by shell in knee sererely ; rergt AH
sou High, thumb ht off.
GEORGE N. tiCWLS',
Capt. 00. D, 47th Reg's N.. C; T.
Gjuscrvatiro aud Prorss please- cojy..
CASUALTIES INtHe 24TU iC C. T;.
FieM and Staff Killed None. WouwU-i
Col W .1 Clarke, severely, in ahouHer;
Co A, Killed hergl W T Daniel atvl. pri
vate, James Nichols.. Wounded Capt Jaiue.
Holman, slightly, in bead; corpls Georgn W
Burch and Jnmes M Beasly; privates Rich'd"
Rows and. Ashman Kerr, seriously; W Buch
anan, B Mansfield and A Clayton.
G B, Killed None. Wouuded None .
Missing 2nd liout Dan'l Ward aud J M Pit
man, captured.
Ci C, Ktllod Lieutenant Ellas J Stalling..
Wounded Sergts W 'Johnsn and 0 Kempr
private JK Farrel and B Stancil alightly.
CoD. Kthed None, Wounded lt lieut
T L Whitaker, mortally: privates Nt M
Rysby and John A Wright, mortally; John
Ilrigys. Kolx-irt- Evana, John P Ala'ny, Wm.
i'ltroan, crpl Johu Hauiil, severely; oorpi
George W llamil, privates Theo Ji Collitis,.
Jas J Edwards and Juo A Adams, slightly..
Co, E, Killed lht Lieut ES Snder, pri
vates Need ha w Morgan, D R Ki'jg and Pha
ruah Leo. Wounded S-rgt Wm Eldiige,
privates J Q Dupree, W H.Ray ner, aud John
H Morgau, sevorely; corpl W S-AldrMge,.
privates Riley- Dvis, James Laugly, R 11
Mass?! ngilli H Pilkinton, M Strickland, John
Thomas, Janiei Shirley, W B BriU and S W
Ijsgram, klightly. Miissiug J E West, cap
tured: Co, b Killed none. Wounded private
Root Brown, severely. Misibg corp Ilobt
McKinunon. privates J W BTackman, M V
Hair, and Zno Mann, supposed captured.
Co H, Killed Sgt J U Glenn, private W
A Hradaher. Wowrd 1st Lt AM I.nc;,
severelv in thigh ; corpl R J WoKiv, fxrivaU'S
John C. Neal, Jas E Ford, severely ;:B R Rt
gati, momiiy; Robt Mitchel, Jouit T Yvztt.
and Geo M Ford s'ightly.
Co I . Killed none. Wounded privts. Irac '
Wallace, Wright, A Johnson, L Ingrarr.,'.
W H Stewart, Ezekiel Creoch. Missing sgt
Raymond Euuis, privates O P Barber, H Dt:r
ham and L B Johuton.
Co K, Iftlled non. Woundel sgt Jos II
Hopkins and Atlas J Stalling, severely; pri-
vates B F Grnnnell and Strickland Perry,
mortally ; privates A Doyle and Johu Giifiin,
severely; Wm Rodgers, H H Harris, Jhn,
Parkfir, Jos Moye, M N Tippet, Thos Sander
ford arid C Gipson, slightly.
UrXltlTULATJON.
Killed Ofncers 2 Men 7
Wounded OOicers, 3
Missing Uflicers, 1
Mou 03
Meu 10
Total. 0
80
Aggregate, 66
The following papers will plcaee opy:
Richmond Examiner, Petersburg Express,
Raleigh Confederate, Goldsboro' Juurual.
Very Respectfully,
Vour obdient servant,
B. P. Bakkkr, -Act.
Adj. 24th N. C. -Troops.
Lit of casualties in Potts' N. C. Battery
(formerly Latham's) during the recent en
gagements rith the tucmy :
'Killed, Capt John It Potts, Private J II
Easou. Wouudo.1 Serg't N Ti-dalc slight
ly Crp'l Jas W Smith, severely Privates
John A Burgess, painful, 11 Battou, severely,
H Beckwith,beverely, W II Hal, painful, G
l Hubbard, slightly E GoeldinL', severely,
W T Pulley, severely, Mark Partih, sevcrrly,
J M Whitaker, slightly.
PROFESSIONAL CARD.
PATRICK H. WINSTON, of Raleigh, and RO
BERT G. LEWIS, have entered Into Partner
ship in the practice ot the Law hi the Sunerir
and Supreme Courts. Office in the Court Route
Office-hours from 10 A. M. to 3 P. 11.
Notice is hereby given to all person bavin!?
money due them in the office of the Clerk n
Mister in Equity of Wake County, to call
draw out their distributive shares, as I cauuo
be responsible for the various changes and fluctu
ations in the Currency, and can only pay tut
such money as I have received.
R. G.LEWIS, C.M. E.
93-dltJfcwlL Raleigh, 12th May, lgg-
OQcc or Chief Onartem aster,
February 17th 1864. Proposals will be re
ceived at this office until the 28th Inst., for the
manufacture of Oil from the Tithe Pea uts.
PropoaaU must state tbe price per gal on for "
oil produced; as tbe Government will require
the total produce of oil as well as oUk. ,
W. W. PLIULt..
. 20-d3tAw3t , Maj. and Cldef Q. N.
ST-WUmington lourual, Fayettevillo Oh; r
verVRaloigh Standard and Petersburg HWer,
cepv 3 tiai.e au l n-ud t Msj. Peine
t