12
(Continued from Page 9.)
is an injury to the people whose interests he
betrays by his shirking of duty.
*
Here’s to Senator Carmack, the retiring
Senator from Tennessee!
He put an end to the insulting and irritating
official use of the false and odious term “Re
bellion” as applied to the Civil War; and he
killed the villainous Ship Subsidy bill.
This good work he did, after his state had
declined to re-elect him.
So much more to his credit! He deserves
heartiest praise and grateful remembrance.
My prediction is that Tennessee will, some
day in the near future, realize that she needs
such men as Carmack, and will again call him
to her service.
* H
Uncle Beeswax, did you get your usual five
packages of “Gyard’n seed”?
If so, what more could you ask?
You don’t want the earth, do you?
You pay pretty nearly all the taxes, you
furnish the bulk of the votes that support
what the diplomats call the status quo; you
produce mighty near all the wealth; your rep
resentatives in Congress have just finished
ladling out to various hungry feeders on gov
ernmental appropriations the neat sum of one
thousand millions of dollars —therefore, why
ain’t you happy?
You got your usual share, didn’t you?
You got five packages, didn’t you?
Yes? Then shut up.
Ts 20,000 railway telegraph operators could
strike terror into our corporation-owned
Senate, why can not the Farmers’ Union dic
tate its demands, and have those demands re
spected?
The farmer can do it. Ts the agricultural
classes will organize, co-operate and assert
themselves they will be irresistible.
They are today the victims of the most out
rageous class legislation that ever despoiled
wealth-producers in the interest of non
producers.
Get up, farmers! and do battle for your
rights! !
OAK GROVE POULTRY FARM, E. E. Deal, Prop., Swainsboro, Ga.
Thoroughbred fowls for sale of the following kind: White Ply
mouth Rock, Barred Plymouth Rock, Buff Leghorn, Brown Leghorn,
Buff Orpington. My pens are mated with high scoring cocks, and we
can furnish eggs for setting of the above kinds at $1.50 per 15. We also
carry fine thoroughbred Homer Pigeons, which we sell for breeding pur
poses at $1.50 a pair; squabs for eating purposes, $3 per dozen.
L. L. DEAL, Proprietor.
We want you to subscribe to your magazines through our Agency.
Thousands are doing so. WHY NOT YOU?
We Save you TIME, MONEY and TROUBLE
THESE ARE ROCK BOTTOM OFFERS. Pick out what you want.
Any two, $1.65. Any three, $2.30. Any four, $2.95.
American, price SI.OO Little Folks, price $ 1.00
American Boy, price 1.00 Metropolitan, price 1.50
Cosmopolitan, price 1.00 price .... 1.00
Farming, price 1.00 pilgrlm prlce i, OO
Good Housekeeping, price.... 1.00 Success, price 1.00
Health, price 1.00 World Today, price 1.50
W. Home Companion, price... 1.00 Times, price 1.50
Write for our large Catalog of combinations, also contains a list of
various American publications.
SOUTHERN MAGAZINE AGENCY
217 Mclntosh Street, Augusta, Ga.
AGENTS WANTED.
ATLANTA SCHOOL OF TELEGRAPHY
Under the management of the long established SOUTHERN SHORT
HAND and BUSINESS UNIVERSITY, ATLANTA GA. Received appli
cations for five S6O per month operators in one day. Telegraphy, Short
hand, Bookkeeping, Typewriting taught. Enter now. Catalog free. A.
C. Brisco, Pres. L. W. Arnold, Vlce-Pres. Atlanta, Ga.
70 Typewriting machines. a]' | | A <l
F. P. JOHNSON, Manager.
THE WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN.
It is time.
To Carmack, of Tennessee, the country
owes the temporary set-back of the Ship
Subsidy.
He organized a band of Senators who de
clared their intention to talk the bill to death
in the Senate, and the Republican thieves sur
rendered.
I can’t help but feel that the country suf
fers a loss in the retirement of Senator Car
mack. Unless I am greatly mistaken, he is
an honest, fearless, able man. But Tennessee
chose Bob Taylor in his stead, and we outsid
ers have no right to chirp.
Ts Bob Taylor makes a better record during
the next regular session than Carmack made
during the recent short session, he will have
to get up early in the morning.
J. P. Morgan, the Republican who bosses
the Democratic state of Georgia, recently
bought three paintings for $500,000.
An Emperor wanted the pictures but Mor
gan outbid him.
Where did Morgan get the $500,000?
Part of it could doubtless be traced back
to the “reorganization” of the Central Rail
road of Georgia. Tn that famous deal, a thou
sand men. women and children of the South
were robbed of their stock, and Morgan’s
gang cleaned up a profit of many millions by
juggling the capitalization from $7,500,000 up
to $55,000,000.
A clearer case of rascality is not on record-
When Morgan can steal a few millions ev
erv time he “reorganizes” a railroad, it be
comes an easy matter for him to outbid an
Emperor in the purchase of works of art.
-I
The corporation dummies in the United
States Senate had decided to kill the La Fol
lette bill which limits to sixteen hours the
duration of continuous labor in the railway
service.
Twentv thousand telegraph operators got
on to the scheme of the Senate, and rushed
20,000 messages to Washington demanding
the passage of the La Follette bill.
iit ■> j t'l i i I W
Typewriters
AT
Half Price
We have a large assortment of all
standard machines, which have been
slightly used, that we will sell on
guarantee, viz.:—
Fay-Sho or Rem-Sho ..$25 to S4O
Williams (All Models) ..S2O to S4O
Remington (All Models) sls to S6O
Densmores (All Models) sls to S4O
Smith Premiers S2O to S6O
Yost (All Models) sls to SSO
Write for special prices on any other machine
made. We have them in stock.
Atlanta Typewriter
Exchange
Seventy-one North Pryor Street.
ATLANTA, GA.
References: H. M. Ashe Co., Cen
tral Rank & Trust Corporation, R. G.
Dun & Co,
And the Senate wilted!
The corporation dummies got scared, and
voted right. And that’s the only way the
people will ever get what they want.
They must strike terror into the souls of
the corporation hirelings who infest the Sen
ate, the House, the Cabinet, the Judiciary and
the State Legislatures.
Rouse the people to demand their rights,
and the politicians will skedaddle to cover.
Corrupt cowards that they are! They need
to hear a few thunder claps ominous of the
wrath to come!
at
The two principal sources of national in
come are Internal Revenue Taxes and Custom
House Duties.
In the long run —not a very long run, at
that—you unprivileged consumers pay both
of these taxes.
♦
Heretofore, the Government has been de
positing the Internal Revenue Taxes in the
National Banks.
Hereafter, the Custom House Duties will
likewise be deposited in the National Banks.
Thus, every dollar of national taxes that
you pay will be handed over to the National
Banks.
They-say they need the money. By giving
them your tax money, the Government will
prevent stringency.
That is to say, the government will squeeze
the money out of you, will give it to the Na
tional banks and the banks will let you have
the use of it, provided you will pay good in
terest and put up good security. You mustn’t
be allowed to handle your own money unless
you comply with those terms. But my Un
cle Beeswax doesn’t care. He has got his five
packages of “Gyard’n seed,”. and he’s satis
fied.
Bully for Uncle Beeswax! Any old sort of
legislation will suit him, if you’ll just let him
see that the label on the bottle spells “Demo
crat” or “Republican,” as the case may be.
It doesn’t, at all matter what’s in the bottle.
The vital question is, “Has the bottle got
the label on straight?”
If 50,.0n to glory!
"So Easy to Fix” Pumps
4 For Wells
J any depth
DUNN MACHINERY CO.
54 Marietta Street ATLANTA, GA
Nessmith & Bonney
General Southern Agents for
THE BROWN-COCHRAN CO.
Jr: • P*,...
- __)i V■' 1 I
4 J
Gas & Gasoline Engines
STATIONARY, PORTABLE, MARINE
and ELECTRIC LIGHT, ICE AND RE
FRIGERATING MACHINERY.
WOOD AND STEEL
TANKS
STEEL TOWERS
A high grade Engine.
One of the greatest labor savers of the
day.
Especially adapted for threshing, saw
ing wood, pumping water —in fact all
kinds of farm work.
Correspondence Solicited.
70 S. Foriyth St., Atlanta, Ga.