2
■been dumped in the corner of an old room in hope
less confusion, and it is only recently, after con
tinued prodding by the newspapers', that the au
thorities have been quickened into activity. A
movement is now on foot to secure for the city
the payment of this vast amount, so long overdue.
On the heels of this comes a decision handed down
by the supreme court to the effect that an elec
tric light company has no right to discriminate in
its charges against one consumer in favor of an
other, notwithstanding any contract which may
have been madoi by such individual consumers.
The city of New York, for the past six years, has
been paying between forty and fifty per cent more
lor its electric lights than was paid by private
individuals. During that time the amount paid Cui
has reached, approximately, $9,090,0&0, so that the
city has a claim for excess amounting, at least, to
$3,600,000. The effort to collect this $30,000,000,
which the city has slept over, will be one of the
contests of the present year. <
R R R
Root’s Hamiltonism Rebuked.
J lie centralizing tendencies of the present ad
ministration, strengthened by the recent speech
of Secretary Root, who was supposed to voice the
sentiments ot the president, received a vigorous
rebuke from Justice Harlan of the supreme court,
in the course of a recent interview. He said that
he served in the civil war as a colonel, and had
been on the bench for twenty-nine years; that he
could say now, as he had said in many judicial
decisions, as was the uniform doctrine of the court,
that the federal government has no powers except
those delegated to it by express grant, or by neces
sary implication from express grants. He thinks
the federal government has all the power it needs
for the purpose of accomplishing the objects for
which government was established, and that any
tendency to enlarge its powers by loose construc
tion of the words of the constitution, ought to be
restricted. The preservation of the state, he con
<hides, with all their just powers, is essential
to the preservation of our liberties.”
R R R
Death of President Cassatt.
Just a month after the death of President 'Sam
uel Spencer, of the 'Southern Railway, who was a
victim of the bad management of his own road,
President Alexander J. Cassatt, of the Pennsyl
vania Railroad, passed away suddenly under cir
cumstances which indicate that he, too, was, in a
certain sense, the victim of a vicious system which
prevailed on his own railroad. Mr. Cassatt was
in Europe when the Inter-State Commerce Commis
sion began to discover that certain employes, rath
er high in office on the Pennsylvania system, had
been accepting blocks of stock from coal mining
and allied companies along the line of the system,
in return for which these companies were favored
with all the cars and transportation facilities they
needed. The evidence was clear and conclusive.
Many of the accused frankly acknowledged that
they had received this stock from a source of which
they were ignorant. Mr. Cassett was not in
clined to believe that the charges were true at
first. He hastened home from Europe, and on his
return learned all the bitter truth. While the
direct cause of his death was heart disease, con
tracted by over exerting himself in a yacht race
at Rar Harbor, his constitution had been greatly
weakened by the worry and distress incident to the
investigation. So it may well be accepted as a
fact that he was the victim of the Pennsylvania’s
iniquities.
R R R
The Extent of Republican Losses.
Tt takes a long time to make the official count
of an election and returns of the balloting last
fall have only recently been officially tabulated.
A Republican newspaper finds comfort in the fact
that the slump in Republican strength was not so
great for an off year, after all. The Republican
plurality, taking the congressional districts as
THE WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN.
a whole, declines from 1,668,524 in 1904
to 785,203 in 1906,•0r' more than fifty per
cent, but we are asked to remember that the
election iii 1904 was abnormal in a great many
respects, and taking the previous off-year, 1902,
for comparison, we find that the plurality was
432,956, which was considerably smaller than last
fall. In other words, based on the vote of 1906,.
if a presidentfePßtandidate had been running, the
Republican strength in the electoral college would
be 322 and the Democratic, 154, against 336, and
140, respectively, two years ago.
R R R
' t Another Railroad Horror.
Notwithstanding the severe lesson taught by the
•tragic Mr. Spencer, followed by a similar
wreck witmmten days on the same road, the crown
ing railroad horror of the year came on the night
before the old year expired, on the Baltimore &
Ohio Railroad, a few miles from Washington. More
than fifty people lost thetir lives, and as many
again sustained injuries w’hich may yet end fa
tally. The cause of the accident appears to have
been the same old story of an imperfect block sig
nal system, although a foggy night was partially
responsible. The victims of this latest wreck
were of more than usual prominence, a large num
ber of them living in the national capital. A thor
ough investigation is to be made, with a 'view to
fixing the responsibility, and definite results may
yet come of it.
-R R R
Guggenheim For the Senate.
It is now definitely decided (hat Simon Guggen
heim, of Colorado, will be the next senator from
that state. Mr. G-uggenheim is a man of immense
wealth, but he has made it in the legitimate de
velopment of mining property, rather than in the
mere manipulation of stocks. His command of vast
financial resources has enabled him to take advan
tage of the opportunities lie saw, and this, backed
by his practical knowledge of mining, has made
him independently wealthy. He will be the sixth
Hebrew to secure a sefet in the United States sen
ate. The first was David Yulee, who represented
Florida from March, 1840, to March, 1853. He was
a native of the West Indies, and his name; was
David Levy, by which he was known when he was
elected as a member of the house of representatives
in 1841. The second Hebrew in the senate was
Judah P. Benjamin, one of the South’s most
illustrious sons. He served from 1852 to 1857.
He, too, was born in the West Indies, and repre
sented the state of Lousiana. The same state was
also represented in the senate by Benjamin F.
Jonas, who was a native of Kentucky. Josqph
-Simon was a senator from Oregon from 1898 to
1903, and Maryland is now represented by Isadore
Raynor, who was chosen to sit in the upper house
after having served some time in the house of
representatives.
R R R
To Re-Count McClellan Ballots.
Mr. Hearst has lost no time in accepting the offer
of the new attorney-general, William S. Jackson,
to consider application for a re-hearing of argu
ments on Mr. Hearst’s petition for leave to bring
quo warren to proceedings, to test the title of Mayor
Geo. B. McClellan to the office he holds on the
basis of the election of 1905. Mr. Hearst’s at
torney moved in the matter before the new at
torney-general had been in office twelve hours.
The application reiterates substantially the alle
gations made before Attorney-General Mayer. The
indications are that the investigation will be car
ried forward with remorseless activity.
R R R
Baroness Burdett-Coutts Dead.
One of the notable deaths of 1906 was that of
the Baroness Burdett-Coutts, who passed away
almost with the old year. She was the widow of
Thos. Coutts, the great London banker, and at the
age of twenty, inherited a fortune of $9,000,000
from her grandfather. Her vast income has been
almost exclusively devoted to charitable work. In
the years, 1879-’SO, she gave
lief of the Irish. It was in recognit
splendid charities that she was created a
Her name became synonymous of good deeds, and
her passing away will cause sincere regret.
WHEN THE COWS COME HOME.
With klingle,, klangle, klingle,
’Way down the dusty dingle,
The cows are coming home;
Now sweet apd clear, and faint and low,
The airy tinklings come and go,
Like chimings from some far-off tower,
Or patterings of an April shower
That makes the daisies grow;
Ko-klarg, ko-klarg, kodinglelingle,
’Way down the darkening dingle,
The cows come slowly home;
And old-time friends, and twilight plays,
And starry nights, and sunny days,
Come trooping up the misty ways 4
When the cows come home. "
With jingle, jangle, jingle,
•Soft sounds that sweetly mingle,
The cows come slowly home;
Malvine, and Pearl, and Florimel,
De Kamp, Redrose and Gretchen Schell,
Queen Bess and Sylph and Spangled Sue,
Across the fields I hear her 00-00,
And clang her silver bell;
Go-ling, go-lang, go-lingelingle,
With faint, far sounds that mingle,
The cows come slowly home.
And mother songs of long-gone years,
And baby joys, and childish tears,
And youthful hopes and youthful fears,
When the cows come home.
With ringle, rangle, ringle,
By twos and threes and single,
The cows are coming home;
Through the violet air we see the town, |
And summer sun down;
The maple in the hazel glade
Throws down the path a longer shade,
And the hills are growing brown;
To-ring, to-ring, to-ringleringle,
By threes and fours and single,
The cows are coming slowly home.
The same sweet sound of wordless psalm,
The same sweet June-day rest and calm,
The same sweet scent of bud and balm,
When the cows come home.
With a tinkle, tankle, tinkle,
Through fern and periwinkle,
The cows are coming home;
A-loitering in the checkered stream,
Where the sun-rays glance and gleam,
Starine, Peachbloom, Phoebe, Phyllis
Stand knee-deep in the creamy lilies
In a drowsy dream;
To-link. to-lank, to-linklelinkle,
O’er the banks with buttercups a-twinkle
The cows come slowly home;
And up through memory’s deep ravine
Come the brook’s old song and its old-time sheen,
And the crescent of the silver queen
When the cows come home.
With a klingle, klangle, klingle,
With a 100-00, and moo-00, and jingle,
The cows are coming home;
And over there on Morlin hill
Hear the plaintive cry of the whippoorwill;
The dew-drops lie on the tangled vines,
And over lhe poplars Venus shines,
And over the silent mill;
Ko-ling, ko-lang, ko-linglelingle;
With ting-a-ling and jingle
The cows come slowly home;
Let down the bars; let in the train
Os long-gone songs, and flower and rain,
For dear old times come back again,
When the cows come home.
; —Agnes E. Mitchell.