mm -
THE CONFEDERATE.
WEDNESDAY, March 23,1361.
st' strenuous advocates of resistance to tr,e
uli.ioa Government, and if we mistake
The Voice of the Press.
Tin: Guuerk atoui a i. Contest ix North
Cau-uka. W. W. HoMeu, the leader et the
construction party in North Carolina, ha
,-.Vp 1 himsolf before the people of that Mate.
U a candidate for Governor at the appr. a:h-ia-
election. Should he recced m ms trait
...ou d-.?us, the 11.01 lain -niabhi conse-M-i-nces
may MVomt tho clevati m of Mis
iioke l demagogue twiii.i.Ttant.aul ro
. t.. ....-f To den was one ot the
i nn iivi 1 1 1 r' biu - - -
most
nut, advocated secession as lutiuu.j '
preserving the integrity and honor of the
&i old North State. ?t h
deserted the glorious cause which Norh Caro
lina his sj uobly vindicated by the .blond of
bwnsonmany an ensanguined field, and
now seeks tobring dishonor upon her untar
nished escutcheon. . . . ,
Traitorous views have been dusemmatetL
through the Raleigh Standard, tne exponent
cf the so-called peace party m that State, .or
th.; past eighteen months, which, in many
itotifcch. have been -the-cause of turning
briveinen from the path of honor and duty
tom-etthe disbone.red doom of a deserter in
untimely death. Holden the arrant
Sdlor-n his maideddupes-shonld
have paid the penally which w the ju re
ward of all who are guilty of inciting insub
ordination and insurrection, i be-publication
of this firebrand against the established
Guv rnment has been suspended because ot
the r.-ceut legiilatiou of ingress; and now
that he cannot spread his banefol teachings
iu.f,,. fhT.ublic. he places himself before the
i-cc-pio as an aspira.it for the highest position
in the State, for the purpose at endeavoring
i.i ccomplish the more successtuiiy nu w.c
r. . irovuiucr (it ins otate
iioin the Confederate Government, and inn.ct-in-
upon her people the horrible calamity of
civil strife, arraying father against sou, and
broth 3r agaiust brother.
The freedom of speach and the freedom of the
press are the inalienable birthrights of freemen,
and should never be impaired neither should
thisfreeuoin ever become unbridled license. In
..u rnn must co unpunished, and it
is the duty of the government to protect itself
against the evil machinations of unprincipled,
wicked" and design;, g men. Holden has talked
treason and he now seeks to carry into execution
hij professed and undisguised principles.
My principles and views," he says as a
conservative 'after the straitest beet,' are wed
known to the people of the Stale. I hese prin
ciples and views are what they hive been.
The v will not be changed."
Tins is the platform upon wnich he pUsea
l.iuW.f before the lV a candidate for
Givcrnor, and who th.it h watched hoi
i ; . . UJ hi ddiist tho oli-
cour ana rcao. iu " .
' Wi.at are
led lo deserti-n
.t : .
irom the army, resiSUnce to tne consLrn
nod impremeut laws. II advocates toe
:.diti- of Comiiitssioiiers to Lincoln to negoti-
.tcMi.rV !-tc-i,ni oi Nor,'h Car;i!"
irom the CoateiiTary.and the taking o the
i . t.v t tii -.lit r ii mil (loverument. lhe?e
t .; , 'ut thf.-ri he avows ui.dis
;tic "
...i: .it .,t Jip han"cd. but strictly
to This, in our opinion, is ranfc tieasoii, ami
the iiibiig'ator and advocate of resistance to
the established authority of this Government
should not be tolerated to make couverU to
hi partv, nd sow dieo:itent i tid treason
b oa'ic-at thorughout the iai.d u..Wrtbo nal
,onv pretext that ho has a right, as a lieme,
to ive xpresion to his seuturients. .
In times of peace this doctrine u -e
bat at preut, wneu our honor and wel-
.And it is by no means certain tht'h last,
t prefers Mr. noldeu. Its first choice, we pre-
sume, would he Dr. J U, lun, wnu a .- -with
the enemy from the begin ni Eg, or Henry
Clay Jones, who has fled to them. However,
the Holden Hook and Ladder Company, o. 1,
G3 men, are using their influence, and U is
thought Joy's preferences will be overcome. If
M? Golden could follow Henry C Uy June, he
would be ire of Joy-but bis detrmn.un
not to go out of ltaleigh precludes this
Wc subjoin an article from the Atlanta Keg-
itcr, whicti Mr. noiucu ---r .
The Register is conservative or of Owrjg,
for pence .n the Georgia basis; and if wc re
member aright, was one of the paper, which
Mn Holden a short time since referred to as
one of his sett. Read tne arucic .
HOLDKN THK NoETD CaB0L1A "CoKSBUVA-
llOLDKN, THi a Carolina
TIVE." iioien,uw ------ ,
Standard, who is but just y,
noonced as a dangerous n'"
Northern Xcws
v Our Richmond, tx hangea of Mouday
have copiows extracts from Northtru papers,
with datrs reachiug up to the 10th instant.
ThPv contain rather meagrs accouuts
of
To the Offlct rs and Men otitic TweBtteth
tfnlted States Colorea Troo.
A .t.-MW.. wive.. aod.riter
SotmBttSt w.'"rv0rk Union league-
voa nve
of the inemberrof tne j w intelligent patriot
.u.k crfcfe hberalitv ana inieu .e
. ' ..,nir.rti into a ooay "r." -,.thixiner
puo.rink'a and DahlgreuV ratds. The , del4Tnceof ttoe Union. ""i',:&ma;Aiyt
- ....
. r-onfp.leracv.
. . w xv h pause ui is-
lication of which ... recenu, .i--"yf ,;
u:-k k. annnunce. nimscii v. -
" " r K,th Carolina, at the ensuing
UOTCrUUI V ivr . . -
Xuilst election His principles and views, he
August eiecuo .-ft.,the straitest sect,"
u,B,aTsw.- ---- .tll.8tRt. This
well known xo u i- ""uTi. .i.ttr.
ci'ro .iiiu in -
j-cC Ivj harf in cMitempl-tion ?
i.e siy.-4, wH not bd changed..
ii,v J ilis opinions uaw
T - I
is aomelhing rotten in tne
olina. or that a large portion of its people are
eremousiy misMmcn m . , .
er " J r iolv which our ob-
nlea. mere is icov
pie. haoloil ua to believe
nervation m mis ittumw-
almost infallible. It is not
man professes, but those ne mu
which oftenest denote him truly. IVbe
iV Holden, announcing himself, there is not one
word of sympathy for the cause of Southun
indeprad Jeef not one word of hope for he
ultimate triumph of our arms, not one word of
encouragement for The brave men who have
drawn the sword, and thrown away the scabbed
?n defence of our rights. .The card concluded
withfithis studiously equivocal sentence :
!r t will ilo evervthins m my power
to promote the interests, the honor, and the
gJory of INoriL arouuo, u w
orahle peace." . . . . .
This equivocal language is identical with
thac used in Tennessee by Brownlow, Andy
Johnson, Tom Nelsn,od other traitors, when
they w.re seeking to hoodwink the People,
and who, since they hare thrown off the cloak
of their hypocricy, under the 2 of.;
colnism, have become tne m - rr
;..;t?w. nf nnrenemics. vcuo
a man who had a spark of patriotism or sym
pathy for the Confederate cause in nu compu
sitioi . could- frame a card for a similar pur
, even as brief as U.dden's, without giving
Jome expression of it. The phrase - an no w
ruble ticvasusetlby the North Carolu.a
- conservative," may mean anything or noth
i,)U As ubed bv the Tennessee tory, it meai.s
siib'niion to 1'ederal despotism, obetheuee
to Lincolu'a edicts of emanvipat:of, acquj
eencc in the doctrine negro equality, to.
cranceof the revolting practice ot ama gau.a-ti(-n.
(r, in the new rote-water phraseidy t
the North, nnscegcniration,) burrcn-.oi
rvlilical righ"?B ai;d personal liberty-anvth-.ng,
Lo.-.T.tion of the "glorious Luion.
.' j f... Cnnfpderate cizeus, it
is usea oy .
means ie-.,gi.itiou of-the independent nalion
ality of the Sor.roign States ot thebonth, af.d
Kr York Herald calls l
raid." and all seem to regard it a sore mis
carriage A telegram from Yo.kio n to
Wl.lnrt.,n. dated the 7th, fells the fate ot
i Dahlgreu. It represent that Dahlgreu's party
i were surrounded by cavalry and infantry,
that Dahlgreu was killed, and that tbey saw
more than one-half of his men afterwards give
themselves up as prisouers. CI. Dablgrtu s
Bervautsaysthathesawthe Colons naktd
body, which had been stripped, with the nng
i finger cut off.
i rr- i 1 n a lrkiior
The Kew xorK limes o"u' "o
biography of Dahlgren, from which we learn
' that he was twenty-two years of age, and com
j ment-ed service under Fremont. He was a w n
of Admiral Dahlgren.-
I Old A e is endeavoring to exonerate hi m
' ...i. r Uum. bv savins that "he finally
: gave his cogent to Kilpatnck to make h.
raid ; he was willing he sh- uld try, alth-u jh
: all the rest pronounced the scheme impracti
cable Military men have not expected that
Gen. Kil Patrick would capture Richmond by
iaeowptfe tt, and they are relieved of
! much anx.ety by the information -that h ha
i .ja i,s- rirl " and safe. Two n.onths
UluD, or- wuw "ZZ" direct auspicea. yo
isnand andr Wbose direct J , Cr,mpxfor
A H-riosi iv d v
ii Amoiieas free-nationaiity,
ot Ainoiican .ino-
t a " miserable in the rreat . b7 P.ub1 ?Ta
'nteof tho sacrea ouj.
rial, our Drofoaadpowc- . hiire en.
the holv causs in- w -j, binner, at one
Hst-d. hive preparea lor . , the
the emblem of fivrd a. a J 'raVer for oar
bol of woman' be.C wish - f di motion
common country, and specially j
thereto . . . Omsb;to batU"
When ou look at tbi nST.n" k,lime motto .:
or stand at guard b-neatd " " ti9a1aoan
God aKu LiBKaTTl" remembei " .hter of
mhiem of love and honor troui tna . irtBg j
mERKSTlXG KBWS ITEMS.
Instla this Stat., ha.
ml memoi rs ' " - , , .
Carolina
- . K
hung several me ..... cantnred by him , in(r tUA t ahecnnM rom n r,
,,rc" v ?ovBmm" I ti
in th? recent movem- t
European Items.
QcsR Victoria's Addicati ..v Tim
jje nontd Jfijrtomafiquc makes itif "
Hible'forfhY extraordinary Htntonient riji n
a recntcab1nctcomicil,wi the D.ni,, n,,i!
tiou, I iwti V;ciona rose ffom the tabl)? ,lutAr.
ins that pheaoldrome to m ctnliit.!.... .k ....I
with P,;..... aii..-. "iivm,
, vuufu... . ... ioeri, rr:ireI tol-tr
ciosei.a-'.uu-emerging annouri-ed th it
roue ins .ic. , ..,i
! ago, when this expedition waa nna F" -
it miuht have been successful ; but since that
! Le the fortifications o- Richmond -have been
' strengthened, the garrison has been largely
1 increased, many Union prisoners have been
L T,t southward, and. above all, the rebels have
1 doubtless been informed of the whole pro
! gramme. " - ,
I The N Y. Herald of the 10th has a jeremiad
I ,rcr the fai'ure of the yankee plans, and avs
I that from the removal of McClellan opto
f the present time the war on the yankee sia
has been conducted by tne rresmci.i. a-
r. Wnwliinfflon "I
coterie ot mimary aurisns o
1 and that under this direction disaster has
j folu.wed disaster with such pitiless peisis.ency ;
i they had so many and such terrible failures.
! that notwithstanding their triumphs iff the
thU great Metropolis 10 ner ur. - . your
the neld, and that they will anxiously wa.eh
career, ffiorving in your heroism, miiiwtei ".-.
oi when woutded and ilU aod honoring
martyrdom wiih benedictions and with tears.
Tneab .ve is a pirtof the general p:an
now in progress by the discomforted and worn
out Yankee government, to substitute for the a
beaten white soldier and the mercenary biie
lings who have heretofore done the YamWs
fighting, tha ptr ne-r 1 puh him to the
front f tho battle ; anu, i""? '
thpbavonet.b) take suelter for their own
coward y carcasses behind this, live bulwark.
Already in sever battles th-y hve pursued
towards the nero this brutally selfish policy,
and it has always ben attended witn i
entire anniniiaiiou -!
r Tlie above epistle, a(HiieicU
.. . 1
the20thU.S. Rogt.oi this class, is wginai
l,v more th.m a hu idred females of the City
.,f V.w Ynrk of what they call4 uiper
v4 .
dom," or - slio.idy," or parvenus.
' inothe s, wives and sisters.
Tt- same P-'P" "!s' ... 1 1 tHwe't"-? v.- hi;, aniiwir.ireu that th
J Hffife,.. ! ' -of -
asTnranco of prot-cto 1 from C'tJcrate ven anmilttale proof of rfiontal abrrra-
eanco. would insure th' political concert of u t4 have .le'ern,,,! L.,r., Va1u
the State. . . ton to urge tlie alaliratira i.f the Q 1, :ln.l
We wish thaturanth ride- at Washingtim lm?jact that, instead ot joining Ids mother at
realized more earnetly the impt-nce of o.i,orrie, the Prince of U'aiH lias gono with
inisitive militarv moven.ents in this State. . i ,js pfmres to St. LonanN, interpretatulAi
Viewed M.nply in a military light, an army jm in-jjctt,5on that Kd ward the Vli is p-c-p.t.
60.000 men '-ere ciuid etfect all that the rjnjr:ti mount the throne, and to iiiau.i;y a
, ny "f the Potomac has betrii three eaw n exv I itiu poller iu tho alTiira of Great
i'u attempting to accomplish. Vithafone- f a.fl 13
lbilt lujw''0 rwe could take and hold l oth the It is certain that the -present atlitwde of
oiandlinVjolru,ro(,conimunica 1 : ti.e! English .ernm r,t eannot long U
f r . vil.ir.li ih rnhl annv in ir- . 1 icp. ; . . 1 1 :
1 l i..ed and fed. Cut off h:s sup- m: rir .i,.,.. u..
eT1nla ).. s.o.'h and bovtowest, ana u r fj Yicturia is a tip.Hssarv nrpiiniiiupv t
P v, -uateVirgi'i?""' u '"V1" vigor, u au.1 h-uorabie action ou iho pirtof
. U'a hV.i 'toi; s relieved, aul Rico- (; Br that lMliv...,; . ; !ik!v t , l
reiireiueu
moud is utn
Yanke-8 hive b re.
vilie. and are str-'W-riy
tjslves. Tnei' pu kets are tr
j,T repo.'eil that the
Uoreed it Jacksmti-:
U'lVtiClllU ilirm- ,
vffii 1 ut 10 toe 1
'-t pi int. and j
tbiixhed
1 at U..' -
u.
be
tri'ist
tet -
Thee
members of tbo
have, it P'-
about iLe riv'o
iaoitv of ew
avlhered
and
t are, and our very exigence as a peop.e,
M.li a nrivileno is radicahy wron
at, .-.t.ii- " - 1 . .i f
who counsel ristar.cc 10 uic wu.-
ana
doom
ble.
t
at
niid l!too
,rnm.-nt should m-vt a traitors
the Government should see to it .that it pro
tects itself against all such encroactiments
and wicked designs. Our h.pc f r success
depends upoa harmony and unity amongst
ourselves, but no.. oeing arrayed against
;w,a fr then we could make no resis
depnve us ot utu-i.trw,,,, enslave us and
We havo an abiding faith in the tenacity or
thet citizens of North Carolina to tho 'ood
cause, which her sons havo illustrated oa the
battle field in every contest siuca th -
lion of tho war, and the people are stiil tiue
to the Government of tlieir choice, notwith
standing the teachings of such men as Hol
den. Jy.it them, then, at the ensuing ele tiou
rebukethis unprincipled, ambitious and trai
torous demagouge who seeks to bring dishonor
on the State, by re-electing the present in
cumbent, v ho has proved himself a wise and
virtuous Chief Magistrate, and an able and
uncompromising advocate of the holy cause
to which the whole people of the South are
eugaged. Augusta ConxiitiUioiialitt.
AV. W. Holden, tho North Carolina Buflaloe,
and editor of the Ilaleigh Standard, has an
nounced himself a candidate for the Gover
lwrship of North Carolina at tho ensuing
election in next August. He says hs prin
ciples and views a3 a conservative ''aster the
straitest sect " are well kuown, and will not be
changed. His address is very br.tf and
shrewdly worded. Danville ( Fa.,) Appeal. -
GoVkksor Vance. We have- read with
much pleasure the address of Governor Vance
.1 I f XT U 1 1 .. r. VT .Amaf
to tne peopiu 01 .iuuu vi mm., isjitu
t.M..v.n tln alternatives 01 sudiukuu
extermination, the accept anee cf the latter.
Kn honorable peace is the aim and object
of this war ; and he who fails to advocate tho
prosecution of it. with all the means and ener
gies of ihe Cntederacy, and the bta es com
posing it, o long as an armed invades our
Joil.or me. aces our political rights, may well
be inspected either of ignorance oi w.ia t coi ...
Htntes au honorable psace, or of uisl-yalty to
.1.. L.V....U . .
But while an unrelaxmg pio.ecution of the
war is imlisjeasable to the attan.n e it ot
an honorable pf-ace, diplomacy has ever
e 1 it. .va!oii h;irv 01 me SWOIll.
I011IK1 HIC juviv Li u " j
been
For
many the
ior In
For t .is reasjn it is tteemen uoi .n. f-f-
rtndnrrors Ot ttie " lieiMr
west, the yankee nat on is well wgn aisgueu
witii the war.
A one sided statement is given of the cap
ture of the Iolas by a party of our men, in
the Chesapeake ; but drspite their evasions,
the yankee accounts show it to have been a
gallant affair.
We find also the following interesting items
in our Richmond exchanges, gleaned trom ihr
Northern papers:
There is rcat discontent over the failure f
all Lincoln's late enterprises. " The Februa
ry expeditions have nearly all miscarried, and
the country i becoming alarmed and dissat
isfied " Lincoln is holding a grand c uncii
of war, to devise measures for retrieving his
fortunes. ' ".
Th- World's -corresrwindent ys Grant is
r o.ft nfin mpn for another
in tavor 01 r;tisiui
attempt against llichmond. Gen. Grant. is
reported to have sa:d that Sherman's expe
dition accmplislied every thiug that was de
eigned. The Worhl repudiates 'the idea.
Almiral Wilkes is to be court-martialed for
detaining the Vaudeibilt whj?u ii was -ent to
pursue the Alabama
Gen. Meade is on trial frr Ins nec. for his
conduct at Gettsburg. Sickles i? the princi
pal witness, ind charges that Meade wished
to run and had given 01'deis to do so ; but tnat
he (Sickles) bn eght on a fi-ht, an., thus
I foived a rtand.
jibchtionist,
v..w V.,rU Union League Ulub,
beems, been eugaged in organizing these run
away s'aves and free negroes, whom hereto
fore they have permuted to starve in and
Points, and other sinks 01 m
Yo.k, and unoer ilio of
1
.national tr.,.ps." are co cratiftg them to
the murder of the husbands, sons nd broth
ers f southern wo nen, who, like thmsclve,.
are ot white color hut unlike rheiu in all
otier particulars an 1 especially in that these
virtuous ana numaue
vere want-
iusisied upon and .accomp!is!iel with no un
nicest ry lclay Com. Advertiser.
Tlie REBEL LOAN tS FIIANOC.
Correspondence of the London I'imes.
Paris. Saturday, Fob, l;. '
Ti-e Civil Tribunal f the Sine inn jirt
give'u jodwiiuem iu an action brought by M.
M. Krlanger &Co., batiktr-, ot Puis, against
M. Carieret, to recover a sum of lO.OuOr. al
vanrrl t him on th 23 I of Ffbrim-y, 18Gu.
'1 he plaintiffs grounded ilicsr dom an I n a rc
cipt Hgitd by Carteret in the following,
teri-n : "I acknowledge having reeeived Irom
M. E lager the sum of lO00 f., pivalilu
' tncvV dvmandetl." The deteudint pleail
cd that, inbt.-ad of r-h.g the Oebt c. he w.h
leal l I.e creditor of Kilanger& C . lor tho
Mini ot 1.875 000 ., due to hitn as cm ni-si.-ti
1. r h iving pio nr-d thtm the negotiation in
London ot the loau of 75 millions tor tlie On-
one stand of e lots and J,000 htauu.iu uu.n. rft.r;l c hia.e ol Ainenca, oy which l-rl itig-r
Thvte aie 250 m gro piisot.eis at Tall di 'See, & (j. i,aU cleared 13 500 OOOl"., a.i i th.i: the
nnd nuinbeis are daily f'Uin their i0 0,0f, w. s u y tho first ui.talment f his
Coniuiron ; u ni4ic, 11 was a. uiumt: mj .r.iry
.-
disia-ceol tnr.e inuw " " e.
ours aro wumn i ur 11"
fSii R. aurexard has temp, r -iih -
. . ... ...r in hloria :. am
4;,untswasat the Iront
Romrsare ri'e ot movetueut. it
inHro,er to mention. .
The skirmish "U Hie isi reso -
1 1 " 1 I 1 ... ,i,t.l All
ononrM le ot seven Ki .eu ..u..
wounded. We capture one p . . r -
and drove tho enemy across exv.ai -miles
from JaiksonvilK
Th oni, -i.il report of the late fig .t at U.e.io
1 btaies that our loi is ol l "
Woumie-d. About 50 ol tne lane.
.1: ! VV.. . atoiin-d U'f IMeces ol 'IHlio.,
Ill'.vi. " - v , . . 1
wounds.
Tne te)p2rnpl.lioe is aani in wor
ing or-
ij ba king Usages 1 advances on a
a . O .a..l.ju It .. . - 1 .1. . . .... .
1 l w m iii t.i ov 11. cMi'iv.'- ..... ur i, :iisi st:il, inn ii rinv " iw
llCi I'oui 5ii.iiii"m. rp ii.vii. im" - - ' .
Lake City, M .!: l.a.anus..M y 1(vV jiei,dug le-loro the l .gli o :ouni lor
ik.es defct oyed l4t nve m.ios-oi iw ,u. leoovci y ol bis c.-imnioi-tii, aiui nun, ou
ha I leo the rvtcipr iu tiuesn u o.-eau o uiv
Yanl
last are a christian,
rM' of women. If aavthiig
ing to the exposure of the hollow-hearted"
hypocrisy of that whole raca of peo
ple, "ii is. to be found in this femi
..;,,o..mmnilirioa of thse poor negroas by
iiiov v"- 1 -' "
the women of New York, to carnage, slaugh
ter and destruction, under some affected sym
pathy for " free nationality. " Thee negroes,
who have riot even been permitted to " folKfvV
a trade'' or riud service iu an houorable cail-i-.r.:ot
cveu to sit iu tti'tr cht'-icnes or rile
ii,theircars-wh., undefended by law, have
been butchered in th.r reo.s by mobs for
which h one has been punish,-d these
negroes aru thus atiect onately greeid by
their :oviig friends now, and tnus uciiea u
to " martyrdom, with bme iiciions an 1 with
with -assurance that tn:e
j.i .
will watch them as ency
From the Pesiksuh. The sratennnt
that Kilpatnck is attempting to get b..cU to
Jfeade & army , by crossing tht Rappahani-oi-k
is confirm. d by passengers wno eame Iron.
Ki,g and te t. UsL night. C tridayhi
cavalry le.l that cunty and went through
T.ssex to Dragons r old, on me iv ipj-.o...
Tne
' t oWth -in the piaee ot brother
7t
tl.lll"l
has been elected
i lm t it the principles upon which . Gi'more, sbclitionist, has neen
h SePrStlL shall be ad- Governor of. New Ilampshire by 6,000 ma
;nr.tArA.:t and the tiolicv which
liJllHl.t. i "
shall h're-
after guide their relations with the other S,ans
of this continent should now be proposed and
discussed, in order that the issues ut tne war
and the terms ot tl;e coveted peace may be
brined clearly, not alone in the minds ot our
' own people, but in those of oiir.eneiine.
V.We shall continue to endeavor to make our
1 riAii-..
Vr this subject plain to the compreoen- .a, Gonderates atha Q.jW
II i- tmL'MfV 'ttr T TTfnT,, i"'v " .......
"on of our renders: andJake--lbfirasL0
ascribing to the doctrine of this journal a
parallelism with these of the North Carolina
Standard, are either actuated by a stupidity
that is pitibie, or a malice that is more than
contemptible.
pnty.
Regular exchange or prisoners to bs
nir ukueaFTEB. The friends of the Tjnu n
.1 K,..oh will be rratlhed to
pllSOUetS IU me. w
f. ihof arrunapinents hae Vwen effected by
lt'i 1 11 ii""1 . . -r- 1
Wt exchances of prisoners win oe
i- i.Mitw. The government has grace-
IIl'C nvi vw ., . n
fullv-rectded trom its oeieruiumijon
who will
twhiud, the sauu
I .. .1 I ... ... ... a .1. ..ln,.'r
lliofley Va a 1 vai.f U UL-nlC l xs.o ni'-'iruu.;
ciu.in that ihe arrangements lor toe loan
woiihl IX' br- ught to"a faiist actory conclusion.
The c u. sel for the plarntitts niaiiitaincd, on
t e coutiary, that the moist-y advanced was
really a loan, as shown by the terms of the
receipt,, and that tluru'was nothing s-rious in
the suit allegeit to be p. tiding in Lughia-l.
The tribunal, however, deci!eil t'nat vx l.n.
tions given sut'dciently CHtablishcd the fact
that the 1 0.000 f. were not .1 loan, hut an in-
h id been "till as their mppi-rt had alrtady , staiia.etit of the detoudaut s cominisMon, and
.rone aboard the transits and returned to ..ji.ly nj.cted tho plaintuU demand,
V, . . mi. ..i.i .jj tmV Weill ;
Xorlitown. iiy - . ,
. i. i.n.t, on With Poll
that they were going - - 4 ,Hl
toons, and cross the . iwppammo ,
was their intended route o-.ch.
heavy runs had so swollen .ihe.sinam
thev could not cross, and on S nday '.hey
" ..1 ... iv sn.,1 O leeii. and went
, ...... .1 .. iv...;.l;, Thn i:.tai.trv which
..11 I I W L C Itliliwuiu.
.thai
with costs.
A Facy Ball at Pa!. The fancy ball
reccntlv jyven by the" Mudcr ot borngn
village at Kitu and t Affairs and Mme. DuoUYS PK L11UH was
...t t,r r.i ,tn ii.uti n l) tiersotis. arm i 1
Hiieiioii. vj . .
been ah act ot
The burning of tne
n,,..,.., H . seems to nave
.... ;i.,ir.iro slfr-vilishiiehS on
liCUUI
. 1 f . a .
.iieis in e. u" .J,. ilf i- it,rd. . i..iiii....it rn.wd were observed tl e Andussa-
ouly one dwelling Ma..u.i.. . -. , . Tnrkev.
ors 01 aiiniiiiii x. ...... - -----j.
the part of the i um (:,ys Galinavi) has a n ore splen iidly
Miyhoas.es, leaving pu turesuue scene been wituessed. In t.io
rot bed the owners J
tesst s,
.J w
Interesting News Items.
From East Tennessee. There was quite
a fight at Rutledge, a few days since. Ihe
Federals were whipped.
The most flattering accounts continue to
be received from Longstreet's army.
We learn that den. Morgan's expedition to
Kentucky, which was ready to start, has been
countermanded, and it has been intonated
that ' ' Morgan and his men " have been
ordered to join Lee and Fcrrestin Mi-sissippi,
to clear out Grierson, Smith & Co. This will
be a great disappointment to the Tennessee-
ans and Kentuckians, but the powers at Rich
mond know beat what disposition to make of
I Morgan, and we shall rejoic to hear that
to t ie i ' - r';"n 7; j j Mississippi is once more freed from the free
that its length prevents our transferring it o our j ff SeaiMu
... ..n. i.tH w ion i iit in onnn w rnn a nin
tuiumus , -u- " '-" 4- e
do justice to the speaker by presenting a part.
The career of the Governor as a Colonel of
one of the regiments of his State fu Hy justified
our expectations, ot his patriotism in the
Gubernatorial Chair. We believe he faith
fully reflects the sentiment of the great body
of his people. We see that he has opposition
for the office of Governor in the persou of Mr.
Tft.tan .f tlw. Klutwlard Whil VTft vnlll 1
4i.uftU.u, ----- " i : 11: U.. J 1.
. .. : r i 1 man did not st"o his retreat until he was
i
The Mississippian gives the details of the
enemy's loss in Forrest's late fight we don't
know whether to call it the battle of Okalona or
the battle of Pontotoc as follows: 125 killed
outright ; 50 mortally t 100 severely and slightly
wounded, and 525 prisoners. Forrest's sabres
must have struck spiteful blows that day.
Sherman's Army at Vicisburo. Our
auihority to Major Mulfoid, whose associa
tions with Mr. Uuld. the reoei commissioner,
have heretofore been pleasant as well as dig
nified. The first exchange under the new regu
lation has already taken place.
Private Wm. Boyle, of the 1st New York
Mounted Riflts, convicted of the murder of his
superior officer, and sentenced to be shot, had
his sentence commuted by President Lincoln
to im prise i ment for lile at hard labor. Pri
vate Thomas Abrahams. 139th New York,
who guarded Boyle at .Williamsburg, let him
escape and desert to the enemy.
It was through this wretch that the rebels
in Richmond were apprised of the movement
of Gen. Butler to release our captives in the
Libby and on B lie Isle, twelve hours before
his troops reached B t urn's bridge, whi' h
they found burned. For this crime General
Butler had Abrahams tried. He has been
convicted and sentenced to be shot, and the
President has approved ot this act of justice.
Washington city items Among the
first fruits of Gen. Grant's appointment as
Lieutenant General will be important jbanges
in the army of the Potomac.
A commission has been appointed by the
Secretary of War to visit the camps where all
rebel prisoners are confined, and -'administer
to thm the oath of allegiance, m.der -the
Prebident's recent amnesty proclamation.
tests of another Stats in times of peace, the
present condiiica of the country invests it
with an interest common to all the people
of the Confederacy. Governor Vano. there
fore, as a representative man, must command
the good wisbeses of every friend of the cause
of the South. Laying aside all personal con
siderations, we can but exprtsa our surprise
that any of our cotemporaries shou d be neu
tral as one ot the North Coroiina papers pro
fesses to be in the contest. Ctoumbia Guar
dian. Both im this State and in others of the Con
federacy, speaks but one sentiment as to Mr.
Holden' s candidacy ; and that is adverse to bis
pretensions. Every where he is looked upon
with distrust and repugnance. In North Caro
lina there are but two papers that we have seen
wnich hold out any hopes to him of their sap
jmrt : the one the People's Press, of Salem, the
ether The Times, published in poor old con
quered Xewbern, by George Mills Joy, Yankee.
i safely within the fortifications of Vicksburg,
where bis entire army now is. 1 here was
scarcely any need for such an extraordinary
hurry, but when anajmy is once thoroughly
friohtened. it is hard to check them. It must
jbe very humiliating to Sherman, notwith
standing his fourf-mou" bed boasting at Meri
dian,to be compelled to go back without ac
complishing one of the objects of his grand
jraid. Mississippian.
? One of the Babies we Read About. In
', Petersburg, Va., somebody has a baby fifteen
-months old, which weighs one hundred and
jeieven pounds. He, she or it is a Bishop by
name, but what a jolly alderman he will make
.one of these days, if he only keeps on grew
'ing. We like yoor bine-eyed, curly-headed,
. dimpled cheek, rosy mouthed, tintiuabu-
latiug little household angels, but Heaven
i deliver us in these times of war from auy
'accumulation of avoifdupois weight, that al
J w-ys threatens a -dram on tne market aud
Idairj.
Yankee Improvements upon ' Progress."
Upon the bodies of sundry dead negr. who
came in for a share of the slaughter at ucean
Bond. Fla.. were found leather thongs, com-
monlv known as catro'-nine-tails, with wrist-
frirdles complete They were, it is reasonably
. i i i r
supposed, designed lor use upon me iuus m
their former masters, under the direction, and
with the approval, if not by the order of the
Yankee officers of the expedition. The idea
is iu keeping with Yankee humanity and
eivilizati n. It would not succeed, however
Nature protested from the mouths ot severs
thousand muskets, and some fifteen hundred
devotees of the dogma that black is white, bit
the dust in testimony of their folly.
A despatch from Louisville, dateel March
; 4th. says "Parpou Brownlow arrived here to-
i night on the Nashville train. He has been
very sick out is convalescent." So the devil
hasn't got his due yet.
tears
while women
" career
Jonathan and cousin Au'wiid.ib,
ala7
44 career
And Gen'l. D.x cultivates his pen for a
special regret for necessary absence on this
iut-restiug occasion. Geu'l. J hu A. ,D.x,
vnose wile, a weak and sickly woman, once
visited our southern clnne, was warmly aud
hospitably entertained, cherished add nursed
by the masters aud mis.resses uf these tame
slaves, who cany now his cordial wishes for
success in the alacrity of their efforts for the
destruction of those who were, to his invalid
wife, hospitable and attentive hosts and nos-
wtieashe needed friends a -y-.
.-t. du, n . waver, is not amenable (
to heavy censure, lie is not a tiara ngnwr
rather literary iu his tastes; inclined more to
euuui.iry emolument, and ravishingly -foud of
c i . t .a, .i; ,.Q .
being in tne centre oi a uevy ui vjhuuu.io
uever more at home than wuea he can say to
the blooming maiden, yours truly, John A. Dix.
He never shone more advantageously tnau ho
does in this letter which we give below, ad
dre..sed to the interesting committee, for the
reception of the 20th regiment u-.-gro tro ip
Headquarters Dbpartmknt of thb Kast, )
NbwYokk Cirv, March 5, 1864. j
To the Committee for the lieceplioii of the Twentieth
United State Colored Regiment :
GivfLEMJiM 1 mucti resret lhat oiBiat engage
ments at uiy heaJquarters wid -not perjait me to
attend the Hag presentation to the regiment. It
will carrv witU it to tne neia uiy cormm wuu-i
for iU success, aud tho assurance th .t the alacrity
with which the coloreu ciassos in i,uia otie.aiio
coaiing forward to co-operate in puttiug down the
rebellion, will secure, as it deserves, the lasting
gratitude ot the country.
1 am, truly, yours,
JOH.N A. DIX, Major-General.
This Gen'l. Dx, to ; is toe faiher of the
Reverend Morgan D.x,who it is supposed was
to be the .medium by which Mrs. Alien would
succeed in betrayiug into captivity Dr. Hoge,
with whose fa uily she r8idtd. "We should
not know where so find a Bevrend clergy
man more suited for this- work than Morgan
Dix. .
What is to be dne with the negro in the
Yankee service ? We adopt the id-a of the
Ric'.moud Sentinel, that ad inducement should
be h- Id out to him to come iuto our lines -w
h'enever he des. rts open the door to him
kindly pardon aud receive him, tor he is net
the fit subject for punishment, unless it be
exacted by necesMty. This it will be wtien
ever he is found with arms iu his hands To
be thus caught, is for him and bis leader,
dea;h. Let it be so understood s carried out.
The north, teuced to this strait of employ
ing the siave to tight out iis war. is evidently
oa the wane. A few weU put blows in this
spring campaign will finish the job.
nil I. ..I i.ruiLiUS.V
and the inhabitants oi the neignuo, uoo- . ,
all the provisions tbey had. .
O-i their route down from Richmond, after
the failure f the raid, K.ipatrick's m- u acted
in a moxt barbarous manner to tho inoffensive
ami helpless people of New Kent and J .mes
City Frotu ihe cr ss roads in New Kent,
where Ihe Vumlulc ctoied the ttage loat,
down to Barhamv.lle, in the same county,
ihev burnt and pidayed nearly every house.
At'BiriamsMiie, th y destioyed the barn of
Nelsoo limberlake, luttnng a l his corn and
r..i.hn and sn.le everv pound of his meat. A
Mr. Jam- Ta.hr, w. o rni-nstrai pill,
them hr their outlaws, was kicked down
and beaten unti he became p.im nsd-le. U her
ciriz -nseie iiKst outrageously treated. flicA
moud Dispatch.
Gkn. Buckneb Tins ofScr, a has al
i(.po stated, has b-eu asig-id to Gen.
i" i.. .ii VirOiiii.rti it v re-ident
.iini neai ly ' - j
in Paris. There we e also an im nyiistj tiuni-.
b.T of other foreigners f distinction, as cll
as members of the Senate, Le gislative Hody,
and Council of State, high dignitaries of tin.
court, the principal celebrities oi the army
n navy, and ot the ar s, sciences, and letters.
The Emperor and Enpre s were also Slid to
bo present incognito. The tauey costumes,
exceedingly rich and tastful,weie inou nume
rous than the dom'.noes, and repreet,tel eve y
ieriod uf history. thi chief my. ti "logical char
acters of every civilization, and fai.tastic-il al
h'gorical personages in almost endless variety.
Mme. Drouvn de Lhtiys wore a c stuine f
the reiu ol L uis IV. ; the Prince's de
telei-ala appeared in a splendid mantle .-tul-
ded with gold stars ; the Pi in cess Tio'ib-i Ui
as a Pn rutte ; the rnncess Dtnid -ff in ou-
t.inie cf tho time of Henry 111. ; 'he Counter
de Poortales as a bat spangled with d.a:;ior;i :
i,cavav j u . - i t
Hoou's old division, in Longstreet h army, and
aroiiesa de S eh.icti in a Pompadour "o.
rnmn.l order, dated 22d ult., has assumed
conunaud. A correspondent of the Savanuah
Republican sa:
Geueral Bu. kner expressed himself h'ghly
h. uorc! in being appointed tolei'd these trnv
honored veterans, aol as ho placed invlict
confidence in ti.cm he bped they w-mid jtnc
the same to him. Gieat satisfaction is tnan
iles ed in this turn of our affairs, as n doin-t
I th bickerings aud lll-teidings oi um; chum
- . . - 1 . 111 'llilM tm -
l.)T the Major t neraicy wm u" .-..
Gi-rier. I B tckner is a veryTurte.us geni e-
..r..l .u n,,t want a name, which go-S a
1 t..v. in ditnininr the foiitidrnce et the
old s - du r, who is always suspicious of one ot
whom i.o one has heard anything.
Th IU-ckxt Avfair'at Scfflk. Additional
particulars of the Mt al Suttolk .as: Wednes
diy show that it was a perfe n ut of he
i.i.mv ltinsoui advanced on the town
' about 10 o'clock in the morning and closed iu
thai n irro mpUetS. A reeiment of negro cavairy
n .i o t,. ti.ilill ill the town, wbic i dismounted
1 att-p the first fire and scattered iu all directions.
lnv were kdled in the streets. Several took
refuge in a house iu the eatrn part of the
pluce, and rr fusing to surrender, the house was
fired One Rot out during the nuruiug, ui
hur.rino- his musket at our menas he came
oat He was instantly kirled. The tbrre who
m..;..a,i mum viTist;m d iu the flamts. The
a i. us a
xxrrnPK iire our.-utd to Jericho bridge, which
thev tore ud nfer cros-ing. The whole affiir
Heeiua to have been a race for life on the pait
f the col .re i U. S. cavalry." 1 lie .camp
and oaartermas er stores were uesiroyeo,
Several of the neirroes who enlisted iu iSntfolk
were cut down at the very doors f their toriner
masters. On Thursday morning a large Puree
of Yankees came up, and some Bkirmislmg took
lar. this side of Suffolk. Our whole loss iu
the affair was three me-i. The euemj lost
about thirty. Riehmond Dispatch.
m. m
turne ; Mine
CoTerBor Yancc tin the People.
We are in receipt of a letter enclosing $7 for
the Confederate, signed II. C or A. C. Baker,
. we. cannot exactly tell which ; but no Post
m . . j Office is given, nor has the envelope any Post-
Jancart Tax. The amonut of January mark on it. We are therefore at a loss to
. . ... f Am rm rvrfvrk 117' 1 ' . I & . ....... I . L. . . w. 1. Sm.
lax cunc,fct tl uC.C ZZ ;i7 12 i I.V - .'"''. rrif.-.i nuuw wuere to bcuu ymynt uuwi iwwn
struetievs are rtevrrrl.
Gov. Vance has been invited by ihe citizens'
of Cumbe- land to visit Fayelteville anil address
the people of that county. We und r.-tand
the Gov. accepts the invitation, and will
designate s .me early day when he will comply
with tne same. We expect the largest num
1 ber of persons will be present to greet Gov.
! Vance that has perhaps ever asenbled in
the old town on a like -ccaion Every where
there is an anxiety to bear him, and wheu w
gets out among the people, such an enthusi-
! asm will be creab-d in his behalf, as will be
' . . ft 1 ' i t w I. am sa Irtr.ar hi 4
j crushing 10 tiic oyii"iw - "."e.
, defeat. N man is more safely entrenched
in the confidence aud affections of the people
, than is Gov. Vance ; s.nd they are anxious to
manifest it la ertry vray ia their power.
d Mackati ys ji Mot.iiah Prin
cess ; Mine. Say as Mary de M liei, iu a m -t
gpleidid cos' u mo studded With duinoiid-1,
copied Irotn a picture ot Kubetis'; Mine. IV
reira as a ptTMjnifi ation of Snow; tho W
c um n ss do la Gueroriniere as a Luis XV.
M archil n ss; Mine. lVlLncs Undine, de:ot-
atd all over wuti corals; Mme. Gm-rmetasa
Polish Hussar; Mile. Hausmau as a Circi
.iii. ii .i t.. .. ..
gun ; the two inns, necfceiru in cuiviy
el uaut lancy costnmes ; Mile, du llal'y as a
Naiad; MUF. Enkart ma Biblnul costume;
Mile. Gu tienz as a Mexican; Mil' Ch rniis
Giliovasan Ort-nial, and Mile. Emzu a a
R man la!nc. One ladv (nam tinK iown;
personified Ph-ib graphy, being covered trom
head to f.mt with portraits, and wearing the
. i i - . .. i . .
camera as it neaa-uress. mere wvrv ais
two ladies and one gentleman as 'lou.ireg,
and wearing black Veils.
Profes or ilmser, of lLd 1 lhnrg, h is rc-
c ivd Uf Prussiati priz-i for tho best G. Tin m
Work of German history pubJi liel during tnu
last five years. The prize in qu.'-ti tt was
created by the King of Prussia in 1814, con
sists ot 1 000 thalers.an i is mven a ay every
five vcirs. Toe w.i.4 of loevir llaus-'r.
wbi :h .s thus crowned, i T e Hisi -ry of
Germany trom tho Dath of Fiederuk the
Great to ti e end of the Revolutionary War,"
a solid and laborious production, full id ori-i-.al
research and out of the-wav. material.'4,
but wanting in spirit and power of u irrati n.
The Charivari puldishea a caricature repre
senting a liug cauldron placed on a blazii g
fire, and entitled Th Germanic Confedera
tion." Austria and Prussia are sitting on the
lid aud trying with all their force to keep it
down, but it already has risen at one side', an 1
a number of snail persouags are eei belo
heaving it gradually "up. An inscription under
neath declares that the .boiling pot no louger
respects the pressure on the cover.
The Trieste Observer states that a b:ist by
the ban.l ot Canova has jut been dic viTl1
iu the villa of Altichiero, near Padua. It i
the bust of Paul Rcnier, the last but one of
the Doges of Venice. It hs Wen purchase 1
bv a rich citizen of Trieste. M. Bottacin.
. The Rouen tfouvellut complains of Cotifcler
a?e cotton, bales of which, after runn'mp th
blockade, are found to contain conical-shaped
cannon balls, each weighing nine kilogrammes,
to tne kerious loss of the purchasers.
Defeat or the Radicals in Louisiana.
The radical aboliti-mists were signally de
feated in the late election in apirt f tl.o
State of Louisia.ia, and General Banks p!i 7
of treeing the nigj.ers, but keeping them at
'work, wnich has met the rancorous hot4y
of Wer dell Phillips and his tribe, was fully