t
i
THE CONFEDERATE.
The bar tret is past aad the
ended
aud ws bae rau to titek Ged
that cur harvest lias b:es bouuieoue. beyond
the average, aad tka: the crfitbwsJ kwt laid
by crop- prouuc a fr:lfui al-lindanes. Tke
summer throughout Us tirr unitary csaa-pai-n,
kiit hVea prp:uer.s, iadaed
ful. We k'iaw nM acyriere te be
read, hew a campaign ef such eetere ughtiag
r. cnr-h ft bread s.roa. has ever been marked
1 te
by men unUterropted advantage, one
:de, and eueh motioned rver on tka other.
Siace Grant first moved oo tke jarst daya ef
May treuh tk 'Wilderness tswards tha
gc-.I of Richmond, sad Sherman froso Chat
tanooga to Atlaata, failure after favare. Ws
loi!oed their attempts; a.ni jw in lh oe-
ginuieg of fall, in the days ef September,
th'ry ar really, practic-lly, act sv near the
accomplishment of their lurpose aa wbea
they sit out. In th- meantime, the? have
lost tbe entire traes-MisUipp , -xtept auere
foothold ia Louisiana ArkaasAa. Texas
has been wbo'ly earrer.d. Diaaatrvaa
ileieata hae attended ca tbeir movCmials ia
ihs f-r Teat, uncompensated ky .aay eccn
blapce of-docisive vicUry e!whn. Ia
FiorMa they rave made uo ain. Ia Svuta
' CumHi-a none. Ia North Carwlino tkair leas
of PiymoBth wag marked by one of the
a jdt signal and brilliant enterprise a! arms,
worthy to be cbroaiciad auang U
calfkratcd storrcinga of fortified placet ; whlla
their reluctant abaadonaaent f WakigtoB
and the adjaeaat ttrritory waa a fafa?a!a of
defeat and incapacity. It ia at tbi pailt in
th progrwsof tkair gigaatic effort of, 154
tkat'the Fadaral goTarnnent nevr finda (tslf
without a ray af coatolatioa tbict xi caa dia
cerar for it ia the past, and vnth ' akaUc-et
ahead of it that aaay wcl! direr t ita. coarw.
Behold lLa loag array cf tWd meet Yci ser
ous proteataats af tka iahaman butchery
which drora tk m U their lauihtr. Tkey
couat ky fiftiea of tbuaaua, tbaaa ka,
vritkia a few feet ef tka surface, atrtw tka
track of Grzni't trail freea tka "Wildr
aese to tke VValdca railroad, wkeee Waea
will be oaghad ap ia future' furrews te ra
niisdl futare generations of tke kdrrid kec
of aggressive war, and its crael cc&daet by
hardened aud maacrupaloaa chiefs. Bekoid
the tttiraed and aaatilated af cur owa. Tka
heart sickcaa te dwell itpB them; bat Tey
are frw when compared to tke host a wkick
are eaconatered la the csantry of our ear-
. One hundred aud fifty thou3aBa uea tky
tkBise!e sat dowi as the hnsra tky bvo
Hutair?d ia Grant' arsay a!?ae !. In Skcr
ru.n'n ihmy kare aNe kee; heavy; aad tkeir
last reports number, ae the tick ia their kbs
piUla, ob hundred and intj ifeouaand aaere,
while TAricua acceaota relate is est (to af)
atifactry narratiyoa ef the heavy aad iv
er&aiiig desartioca fraac their ' rftks. T
mt tLie haaty loist-o, no Trlsatcra &r
farciskPiJ, cacbt reBiiies to Lincola bat
the draft. Iifs'ii.ei-cm&rie have eaMar to J
come. Iraai aud Germany kare beaa ex
haus'st?, at.d brart, herivoMasscbusetta
pay her way no Icr.ger. Eeea th5 'ntgger'
3 to ref pjud to the eliaking of her coi ;
thaugli ker agents Trait u tter colercd breik
ron, bvldiag in their hadd briglt, JarklilBg
pieces, asid pouring from tiir longues grai
Wit cf rloqaeut aad roma-jiic oeecriatit-sa
of the faxo, aad glory, ad p'asirg isio'enti
to lo fc-unu on ka'.flt-fi-ldji, j-it aa thir fevi-k
ut'Cii'.er8 were wort in iuar.tr aaya to ae
cviut ujjon ihe rrrila of toIubt. wkeae tii!
pag alone they were aetuwinted witk. But
ibe 'nigger' haa ceated to it icted by ace
criptior. ; ha ka heard the dread decripia cf
the tteuckeaat reierabarg, aad the charje at
D?ep Bottom, a&d tke atorauns of Furt Pil
I w, and the naaaeacre in Florida ; aad the;
are argemecta which not eren Jiassachaaettei
wit Ia able te coujkat. Aai so tk draft .ia a
stern necea.My, and Guveraor Ryiacad, of
tha Naw York Tivus, aforeiiaie wlely aud
vrj appropriately deaig.ate the "iittla -
um, saja j.no i rea.cra; Btancis arm
agsinat erery solicitatioa to poitpoae tha
dra,ft." He say a "the qaicker the gOTero
meet proTea its power to tua:ntaia Its laws,
the better and the 'little TiUaio out of kis
secure aook ia the city af Xew Yrk, aaya,
'We rejeicoja this spirit ; it is precisely wkat
tke' erisis desaaads." That briais cow is ap
protckiag ; the fifty days of aetico are draw
lag t a-cloee ; the time cf the three years'
nea aad the oae haadred days' aiea is expir
ieg, aad Liacoin's army is ksiag peaiahod by
wate of tioae. Se tke draft wii coasraeace.
Who will it brieg oat? B mnties will ac-t
fetch sabstitatee. Tae Dutch and Irish are
satisfied with their ex per icace. Tbo 'a!gger'a
ii. Mstirred by aay propaJlea( vTho-raw,,
I f Qalculatlag, BatUe Yankee cauat cow came'
forth. tie ieUneartked,' Vsd5 saaat.eocae. to
light. Five haadred tkomad braa-aew aol-
diara, from ap and dewa Coaaecticat; aad Tar
rnoct, aed Haiae aad liaaaachaaette, froaa
reaobsct Bay aad Pasearuaquoddy, are to
be tamed orer to Mr. Grant for a fresh start.
Ia the BBoantirae a rroiideatial electiea ia
couilag on. The Chicago Ceaveatioa baa
just entered a third Bag. It isaafd to be ilcClel
Ian, faraed as the anther of a "change of
bae." Aad bow tkre will be abuse, aad villifi
catiba, aad strife and eoctentioa about this' as
well as about the draft. Ho r far .it la all to
go, bo oce as yet -caa tell. On our aide, the
road is straight aad plain. TTe set out to de
fend onr right to freedetta aad self-goTernaaoat.
What existed to causa us to begin this de
feec, contiauea still. The aggroseioa re
moved, the defence will cease. It ia a simple,
uncefc.plic&ted proposition. We would kail,
ar.d will receire peace with ladepeadtcce, in
;tha very msmen't when- they are attainable ;
f&ad by an unflagging support of thegovern
i meit, by fttrengiheuiDg our armies and wbip
uin f r invars, we 'hasten the aaspicfoas
t ------
onit.t Tke to R3 aie our beet negotia
tors Victories.
Iaasteuch as we are yet out- o! reach e
tbre is yet roea fir cnnjiurv and
Lurreir ia ye; within the racgs of dicussio-j.
t e aotice that asany cf"onr ccfeporaria are
diacrrin th probalitiea of an armistice.
ht aeir prepoaea oy tne b.rcnm
corcrnmctii. 0;bera are birring at fome n-
4 traordiaar? and agreeable df aouement to trans-
pir 1
R-chrjand at tVe rm ment cf the re-
tepiiou
&t tbe oeTtS-et ite acuoa ic
"lhiago CnTeKtieu, and alc-.c&t all are argu
.. tke rr.atJt of r afrii;?tico, its intention
eU
within what Unas or hw it ocgkt to be eon
nCvrtd by the rreaident of the Ccnfederacy
aad iv rTest en war rr ace. lor our
aelees, ee far as Lifacolu ii coacere, w see
nothing approaching cer ainty about blsmeve-riwis-
1- .y c. s th8 Ys.k Ii-.r ild
has said, tbat Judge Black, the late Attorney
Inderal ot Mriiachananand Mr. Hay, the
Privu'e.S'CreUTy of Mr. Liacoia, Aff? had
aattber iottrtiow ith Mews. Clay aud Hal
cisbt m& that Boace rehearsals f.r the aew
rlay te b ty.Ied ,4tLe aracistict-' ray have
taken place ; and it eaay be that parts haee
hea aaeigt e-d to the caste of dramatis persona
to Messrs. Daria and Lincoln, which
they may, by sense tacit aader?tandiag, be
expected to play. (But oae . thing is aa yet
certaia, Mr. Daris seither in pauan aor by
proxy, tkat wuknow of, is preent at the re"
.bearsal.) And it caay "be that Lincoln is
Banted to take kit part by an outside pressure
which tareatese to crash his psrty, or hat
he way be impelled by aa artful natural cua
nieg to attempt a aaanceuvre far position
hifius neither frankness ner caador ia
cyaiidTati-B, or it may be as the INcw
York Herat J of tke 2lrd, which we bare be
fore as, aaje: "As for Liacela, he will hold
kis ground. He will aot resign. He will,
at offtr an arnaiauce. He will enforce the
draft ana eeud oae handred tbeasand more
met to Grant, and we venture to predict that
Wad-aad his tail, aBd Bryaat and his tail,
atid Orreely ana 'bis tail, and Wendell Phillips
and bis tail, aad Weed, Barney, Chase and
their ta'l, aed Wiater Davis, Rnyaaood,
Opdyko aad Foroey, who have, bo tails, will
all make tra;k for old Abe's plantation. ',
Either ef these conjectures faay come to pa.?s,
or the Caicago Convention may nqmiaare a
(war denser rat, aod thereby have n issue in
tbe eaapaifn Presidential, aed leave all the
patroaage cf the administration to work free.
Or it raay, oa decided platform, rally tke
titira peace ekcueet in farious and over
whelccin array af iot Lincoln, eves te the
sillin; of b?sd. Bat whatever may betide,
we feel asscred that President Davis hz& duly
air eyed tbe whele ground. His p&sitioa has
already base steraciaed on, however the situ
ation rray pretest iisif, aud i;. will be oas
to deserve aad corassaad tbe confidence ef te
CcfediTsiite people.
Now ia juat commeaclag to be the crisis
whea hia gfat characteristics will hare full
play. Charged as fca leas' been to so largn a
ci-rce fitk theaaeceesof the revolution aai
ths safety cf the Confederacyliable as he
has bern to tbe responsibility, and wonder
fully adapted as hr haa proves himself te
fitch iav'cats in mergerir, we are tot iu-.
clined to filter in tar oron that he will
come up 9 the full mauremfcat of the r-
quiremeat, whatev-r tke weight which aaay
bt I ffy" aed cuoa hVm, and whatever be will
in i'i cieariy repiesect the hotor and inter
ests of his people, and hia conduct will re
dmiLU to tbeir safety. Aa.n we are farther
assured that the great wa3 of the peopia
ahare with as this confJacce. 1 h&y woiild
look sreuad in vain throuhoat tbe Qatiea to
ft sd as ether upon whoe shoulders, with s j
naach security, oeuld oar vital iuteres; be
borue. We wait, therefore," with patience the
developmeut. Generals Lee, ad Hood, and
Early,. tarry not, bai each na&ves oa, accoari
phslticg hia work in the great a aid of labor.
I tit a? kelp thesu all we can aad "wait and
be wary.'
AM9KO the noble spirits whoso lives were
sacrificed in the service of their country, at
Iltaus' Sutiaa, we are pained to learn that
Sergeant H. W. Ayer,ef the 48ih, was among
tke numbr: We had very little personal ac
qaaiataaoe wiik Sergeant A , but as oae of
oar regular array correspoBdeats we had
learned to appreciate his. worth and -exalted
patriotic Integrity. Ho was always asnoeg
tke fivst to sead ns tidings of succes.and vic
tory; aad daring the Gubernatorial campaign,
hia pen gave ua repeated assurances of tke
integrity and fidelity of North Corelina sol
diers, while others were claiming- majorities
from them against the national causa.
VYe learn, tkat "Sergeant Ayan had pasti"h
safely through the battle of the 25th, whed
deadly aaissUe struck him aad terminated; his
iifaJnstantly. Most siocerely do we sympa
thise with his bereaved wife ia the "tryiag
lose she haa sustained. A good s-jle'ier and
true patriot has fallca. .
Gso. B. MgClxlan. -The Charleston
Courier aaya it ia stated that McClelland .was
born in Columbia, 8. C, aad that his second
name, Benjamin, waa giveaforaa uacle'Btinja
min Harrisoa of that city, and desires infor
mation from seme correspondent on thepoiut.
Wa believe tbe abeve to be eatireiy errone
ous. GenI McCleilan was, -we are almost con
fident, Dora in Pennsylvania ; and he has of
ten told oae of the Editors of this paper, before
Abie war waa inaugurated, that he was named'
for bur distinguished fellow-citizen, Hen.
Ge jssi E. Badger, who was a warm person
al friend of his. father in early life. We
thiak it very certain, tha the Chicago nomi- '
cte is named George BiAgerQdcdeUaJ, and
that he waa born in Pennsylvania.
We characUrizei the action of the Magis
trW af Orange, as a " rory short step to the
fcoat." Itls a very short etep aoTerthelese
it is to (he fnnt. They bare wniasoualy
resolved" That we (they) will sell at achei
ole prices to the destitute facailioa of oar
(thsir) soldiers, and few other persona ia ex
extrozae want, oa-tcnlh part of all tht wheat
aai' corn which we have ofthis year'e erop to
iispoe of. The meaning of which Is, that
6f ear surplus crop,, of what we don't need
for onr own ceasunspti -a. we will sll te the
aoldlers' taoii'ies and a foVdeetitata persons,
ons-ienih at scheniuie prices leaving ia ear
vraaeries niae-tenthe, abeut which we make
no pledge, npon which to obtain all we caa
csake. It is saanifeet that tbe action af tke
Ora-igo Magistrate is conceived in t uesre
spirit cf e iarity towards their on poor, aad
is, iii tended to give, for a aooainai sum, to these
object's ofgratitude, a specified graiuitv In
aa far as aa expresVtoa of the confidence ia
tbeee -ency of the Magistrates of Oaage is
icrclvt In thi action, it dicltsea a laaatntable
want ef it ; aed ia this aspect tke Steve is an
injurious one.. The Orange schedule prica of
wheat is eight dollars, aai' Cera ix: the one
abont tar times the peace price, tbe other
six times. Tbe crop of wheat in Oraage, we
presuaae, wag a fair one, and Bver for many
yeara have her fertile low-grounnJa stood ao
thick with- ceru as they do this year :yot all
.they will do the " farta-re aai libsral saen "
ofOraBge ia, that they will, out of a grateful
enac of obligation to the- soldiers, aad eut of
charity lo the destitute, will let one-Unth of
tbeir sarp les go at schedal'o prices.
VTiiaJ; ert of estiaate dees this actioa pat
opic tka assurances ef Mr. Treahelaa ? A very
low eatiaeate. It plainly s eye - to kiai. We
dan't value your anticipations of aatienal in
tegrity eo much as a straw ef wheat straw
or a ceb ef corn. -
We mark this manifestation with sorrow. It
is dispirit eg in tke extreme. For wkat is all
tke cra, and wkoat, aad eats, aad everything
else worth, if by failure t support tbe aatieBat
treasury, yea break dewa tke aational army t
What if tke Magistrates ef Oraago had iavek
ed taeir fellow Magistrates of other counties to
sell all their produae at least at schedule prices,
if by their ionuence they could kave made ia
vecatien successful. Suck actiea worlced up te,
tkreughout Nerth Carolina, would a hundred
feld have redeemed the loss of Atlaata. It
would have put the most powerful appeal ia be
half ef Geo. Lee's Gov. aad Yaaco's proclamatiea
te deserters to eeiae In. It would have served
as a preventive r. gainst futnr-eaiesertien, aad it
weald have contested aaea with tkair posts ia
the ranks.. For tke farmers ef North Careliaa
may be assured, thnt it is not only tke disloyal
teackitg of evil naea which induces dr sertion,
but it is the hard, griping, iaordiaate keardiag,
aad the extortionate prices which, alas, through
the whole - progreas of this war, has neade tbe
matter of living a greivoas burdea net to tko
extreme peer, fsr ekarity was aever mere
abundast but to tkat class whiea are jast
above the coaiitiaa we have mentioned.
But the Magistrates of Orange may eoagratu-
i late tke&iselvs, that they have net done as much
mischief as some ot hers. We have been informed
that in oae of tke est tkereugh war con a ties,
tke farmers have lately resolved to sell wheat
at uet less than fifteen dollars a buskel. We
hope this is not so It is in vaia to strike a
blew like' thia at the Confederacy, and then
question aay beJy's leyalty. Loyalty is not
the mere expressioa ef favorable wishes bat
tke performance of disiaterosted, Geverameat
guppertinj; acta. While, the farmers are
moving in this unwise, suicidal direction,
ether classes are keeping pace with thorn.
Corporations, Railroad Companies, are push
tag their eest ef transportation to fabulous
rates, intending, it seems, to pile profits
mountain high. Landlords rent their houses
at the full price they paid for their purchase
er construction, and a general race, eorub at
tkat, for it ceuldat be etherwise, aeeeaa begun
towards the goal of absolute contempt for the
Government integrity and capacity.
The evil is enormous ia the extreme pers
ons aad each hear adds to it. Let ''these
whom it may concern" take hoed:
Fad.
It is quite plain. note, before tbe Wiater or.
eves the Fall has began, that fuel, hitherto
scarce and high, is to become still scarcer and
higher, unless something U done to- supply
the demand, besides relying upon the wagons'
that bring wood to this city. Can not the
Governor, the Confederate Authorities, the
Railroads and those owning woodland contig
uous to the Railroads,, make some arrange
ments by which wood can be brought to the
city at something within purchasable rates ?
There are millions of trees growing- .within a
few sciles of the Roads, and the owners (many
of them) express a willingness to sell their
wood, if the hahds'ean be secured for cutting,
cording and conveying to the .line of the Rail
ways.' The Governments -need wood as well
as private.iadividuals, and we intend this aa
merely 10 suggest if some steps cannot be
taken' to procurS a supply 'of fuel, before the
rcssing wants.of Winter are upon ut.
A statement is published in the Hew York
Herald, as autkeatic, tkat Lincoln agreed to re
sign, if den. Jokn A. Dix were nominated at
Chicago. " -
A safe premise. Qea. Lee can with equal
safety promise to surrender Richmond, if Gen.
John A. Dix will lead the assault.
A eice plaoe to keep cool "Faaaia" county,
Texas.
Aaother advantage it's growing. An
exchange tells ua that a woman residing near
Old TTarrea, Faaaia eouaty, Texas, roceatly
gve birth to five bounoing boya; mother and
I- t.f-M,l,f J. . w11 WVm Kw. M ...Aa
Davis, Lee, Cooper, Beauregard and Bragg.
A pity she didn't have six, for thea she
coald have named, one Johnston. However,
I she haa Jo knston ye tali back. vrev.
Wo giro, a place to" ths communication of ;
4 fIkmeb," aud diessiit totally from bis rea
soning and coaclusiou as applicable to- the.
-present couditiaa of tbe country, cr the pre
esnt state of thiols. ,
The quota tiorai 8ideoy 8ith embodies
a tissue of fsilaciee, evee in iU application to
Englaed, for tnh locality alone it was writ
tea, and to whirl ili.no it was intemlod t be
npplied ;.for, in Kiglad, of ail countries, it
ie a', fixed f-, tbatFarraets do have "the
power, and do exrdf it, t Sx the price of
corn "in and befcie the cponieg of the Nortu
' western -gruMi-iea; the fariwer of "England b
ing' without a rival, held th people at com
mand UQretraiaed, so long aa he could l3roJ
public and private charity to do its.wurk of
keeping down the. pernicious rivU, that at ot-ce
begin whea bread is wit ah id.
Rut if Sidney Smith was correct iu kid aa
aertion of a general principle, ic ought not to
oacap "Fabmex," that his principle is appli
cable to coaatries; in a normal, eot in an ah- .
normal state, The eroat error of men in ear
day is, that they have filed to cousidarthat w
are engaged ia a war for existence; and ibe phy
sician would be as wise who aduainisterd tha
diet of keaith to a paii&nt ia raviug (ever,
the metapkysbiaa who oudeavors to apply tin
rules wbicb govern aaiioas n thus f pace .
toas is the revolutionary -crisis tbroujh whicu
wo .are passing. .
"Fariier" may lay the flattering unetica
to his soul, that ''the most tenevoleat, tbe meA
Christian, aud the most prcfitabl conduct tke
faruacr caa pursue, is to sell his commodities
ftfr the highest price he can possibly obtain'
aad may revel ia the enjoyment whisk this
exquisite solace affordsL when the poor are
staring famine in the face all areuid ; but
what will become of his comfort, when he
comes to find that these '"highest prices" hare
flooded tbe land with a . currency beggared
by its redundancy worthless by the voty
inflation which "Fi RMEtt" has necessitated by
his "moet benevolent, most christian and m.st
profitable conduct;" when fhis inordinate is -flatien'recftils
upon his government, to be met
by C9vrspdiug taxation, with all the atten
dant evils; wk thia burelea becomes nauro
grievous; or else, when staggering under tae
recoil, repudiation, with all it blightiag in
fluence on 'morals and credit, national aud
individual, shall came?
We do aot mean to be disrespectful to "Fan
nin" personally, but we are .ee well convin
ced ef the deep importance-of ths subject, that
wo cannot withhold the expression of our opln
iea, thai tke reckless, inordinate prices the
speculation aad extortion are doing more to
day, to retard peace, to prolong tks war, to
aid tke enemy, to endanger the nation- tbaa
tbe yankee armies with tbeir bullets and. baj o
aets. . And our soldiers will fight-battles in
vain; failure, laincntabla, iguonaiaious failure,
will be our doom, unless some radical change
is effected in the people. If the farmers are
wise and patriotic, they will tet the example.
We leara frum a currespoudent, that Major
Whilford made a circuit arbucdJ Ncwbern
with a datachmsnt of forty men -of the 67 th
Regiment, and has returned safe in camp.
On approching the Railroad 11 miles below
Newbero, at 7 o'clock on the mrniog of the
27th ult ; he tore up the Railroad and waited
for the appro-icY of the train from Morehead
city, which was to arrive at thai pjiutat half
past 9 o'ciock. He had only been thero a
few moments wbeu four negroes came down
the road on a hand car, to see if the r ad was
all right. The hand car was captured, with
the negroes. This was in sight of a camp of
Yankee cavalry and oae company of Yankee
infautry Jjai Croatan Station. The road was
tore up ode mile below. The alarm was given
and the Yankees advanced down in such force
that Major W. bad to retire. He made h'13
way out through swamps and creeks. The
Yankees were, sure they would capture the
whole party, but they have all arrived sale-in
our lines again. The road' was torn up in
two places. The cars came -up at their usal
hour in fast speed and did not watch well be
low, where the alarta was given -they run
off, crashed up the cars and killed several
soldiers on board. The route going and com-.
ing was a rough one, and circulated all around
the Yankee army at Newborn. The Yankee
General eent out eight hundred men to cap
ture Major W. aud his party, but he retired
in time. The tramp around waa 215 miles,
and was made in, six days.
Grp.. John Morgan.
The report of the death of this celebrated
Cavalier will eause a pang of poignant grief
1b every Southern bosom. Few men have
occ opted a more rousinent and conspicuous
position daring this war, and few have execu- '
ted more daring aad chivalrous deeds than
Gen. Job- Morgan has accomplished. To us
he was the ou, monde of what a dashing
partisan leader should be ; while to tbe ene
my ho has been the especial object of their "
fear and diabolical hatred. But he has fallen
f
at the head of his gallant command, as he
would .have wished to fall, dealing his blows '
thick and heavy upon the vile oppressors of
his home, and . the hated persecutors of hia
venerable mother. His name will be em
balmed in history, aadis heroic deads de
scend to posterity for tko emulation of daring
and chivalrous mea.of coming geatraioaa.T
Peaee to hia ashes, and a grateful country's
tears over hia honored bier.
Houses in Macon have gone up so high that
they may appropriately be called " naauaiona
in the aky.' '"V1
The Earl of Carliae haa resigned the Vice
Royalty of Ireland, in consequence of ill
- health, and Lord Woodheuse "is nimod aa his
probable successor.
Sam, what will you charge me for your dog
keanel for a month 7 ' ' "
Well, Bill, as we're all brothers now, I'll
let yon have it foHsix. haadred eldlarf.
For the Confederate.
JHievin?; that the clamor which Iras been
raised against the Farmers, because of the j
iigh pfice ef provis'iow,-will rsultf if con
tinued." in terioita mischief to the Confr dera- ;
cyrif not its ruin, I ak a place in jjie Con
federate for a (f w remarks, aud for a quota
tion frona.S ds?y Suiith'e writiegs :
."Tbe fanner baR it not in Lis iiwer te fix
the prc ei corn ; ho aever has fixed, and : Pcxeta in ironu
j cvm- cB fix it.". U is U questionably 1 Tke eaeeev will reorgaatxeaad collect eteres at
'. fil i: rociiag, any price he can obtain ; Atlanta before eaUring npea anotker caaipaige..
; f.r iibaj prns very beautifully that tlie eftVcc j Atlaata ,waa ee acuated by Qea. Ilood at 1
( oJ t.i etf'o is to beMer his fortune is as beeefi o'cleck Friday Muraiag, aad occupied by tke ea
! til'to ll.e public aaif taeir lmutive had not i ttay at 11 o'rlecic, a. m. . '
Wen tlri Tne prare not to be supported a Sataruav. ReodToriuod a joactlen witk
fin tiu. of famine oy batem.ut of price r.n ;Htr!9e t LoTej)?.s staUeB, oa tke Maeea and
j tU pa;t o lh.farm.r,butWy tbo.ab.ciiv.ioa Weiterm rai,r.la rr wbele-nnnie bow-
of rn.1dent1ar7ca.ens, arcbdeacaas, and .1, .cttrafd. . The wennd.dero all br.agkt to
U2e nofi ia public or private property; tlia .
1'stid " to thf saaeciintiue?, the farmer,. ' --... . , ...
1 sh-iwld-coutriku'e accorJ.eg to his fortua. - WMe hrt Wl f AU"U " jetted, tbe army
TiLst that be euVuld take a less price , 'd PgoPu r 1 At aldiseonraged.
j-wb.h. obVta- a. greater; is ta Uist on ' rroa'the w h Mobile ad MUwiltSppl-
lavicgc thntorJcr ! m-n ths whl bornen v " ' " MT
i supporting the p. r ; a ccutenioo't sys- j MOBILE. Sept. 5. A apeeial .dwpelek U tke
I tern e-u.-ugh in the e af a ri.h eeclesiastir; , Re ister, fre Seaatokia, aaya acoaU report tko
j aad o'. jecticeabie oiilv, because it is iuiprac- . captare of DnraU's Huff, Ark., with two gun
! ticaWe, peini -ious ani Usenet.' rlhe beats, and seven transports Orieraoa, witk car
i mtt'ueaevolent, the most christian, and the airy aud artillery, has goae'acroaa tko river from
j cres' vroaoie conduct the farmer caa pur- MempkU. Twelve traasperts loaded witk troops,
; aae, is to &oli bis cc:niiirdides for tht .highest ' pssoed down tke rieer feess Memphis en Friday
; price he cae oPib!y obtain." i uikt ; aappesed destination White river.
Sm.th knew, as every asa af comment Meridian datee, aay tke Freetaaa'a Jouraal aad
i see- kaows, tnat high prirrs atisaalate pro- th- Ckicage Times, of September 2nd, are report
' dH. tio. Anu "it-happens very boanttfully j ed r.cclTe. U Memphis. Great rejoiciag amoar
tbat-the firmer cannot hoard if o wounld. ; N . D - . f
Lcuia he .attempt it, U,e weevil would des-
trov kia grarQ.ned tbe worms his meat, la
see it ia as plain as day, that the true policy
o: our gveremeut una tne ou-proaucieg r- -
icLsaeMsto encourage in every way in the 7e" from Vicksburg are reported at Big
j r-iaiagHf p.aviaens ; for il is uaivereally true, : !ck, witk pontoons and five days rat.oai. Xese
! tkat whatever i3 abundant must be ckeap : have crossed tet. Qea. Dick Taylor is here aad
j Aed thia remark appliea mostemphaiicalljr to ia said to have ajemwed command of thia Depart-
1 bread and nvat, ou account of the iaspoosi- j moat. Theyankees kave all left North MinissippL
; biiity oi lerg prefer vig them. If the far-;
' mer raised but. half a crop of oern, he gate j Iran tht Iftrtl.
j ten dollars a barrel for it if a double crop, j RICHMOND. Sept. f.- Tke Washington Chroo-
: he cannot get two. The pobey of acourag- icU of tfc i4J Farra t im kis officUI
log domestic production now, 11 imore deeidod-, tof th- ,ttrre,der of Fort Morgt draw,
; ly apparent than it ever was before, because . m . ttmmMm . . 0 .
i -' , ,r , , . j. 9 coatrast oatwoea Anderson and Page, and ears
tko blockade prevents importatiois, aad poo-1 '
I srsaion bv the gevrameat of tbe railr.ads, '""f fladinf the eositioa perfectly aatoaa
land tbe impressuiouts 6f more tbaa all the j kl cumbered witE a superfluous number of
I surplus horses and muler. prevents urataat coascripU, surreadered the fert,whick he coald
t -traoSDortatioa wfthia the Confederacy. The ! defoad, and kept everything intact, whilst
beat
tntBg oor jjoverrunoBt couie nave aooa
b boaintiiag of the war, and the best
! at the
; thine-' it caa do now, is to outbid all (apecu
i lators included) for previaioos, aad thea do
I plete tbe pockets of the farmers by taxatioa
i ny out with rae baud, and take in with the
) other.
! By the forcible takiag from the farmerath-ir
f productions at half price, a premium has bees
i offered for the practice ef avariceaud so fishaes?.
; A. refuses to sell to the speculators aad keeps
j hie provisions and cells to the poor at half
! price. But the government steps in and
I takes them away trorar kins, paying less than
j that.' B., his neighbor, without oharity and.
! devoid of patriotism, dreading a risit from
the pressman, has sold bis for twice or. thrice
aa much to the speculator, who extorts still
luoie from the poor. That man is a fool who
wishes to weaken tko prosperity of the farm
ing class. These are the foundation ou
which ail other classes fcre supported. Sap
this, and all the rest tunable dewn. If car
farmers have failed to raise provisions enough
for the country, whoa they could get one
hundred dollars a barrel for corn, do the non
producers aad the government expect they
will rai?e a greater quantity, when they know
it will be forcibly taken from theai at twenty
five? "Verily, the world (or our part of it)
seems advancing in knowledge, and the man
who was of eld set down as a fool for ripping
cpa the goose that laid golden tZZ was no
fool at all. - FARMER. ,
601ID SEWS! GOOD ftBCTSM
NEW BOOKS!
OUR OWN PUBLICATIONS.
Johnson's Common School Arithmetic, 33 50
Tbe Dixie Elementary Spelling Book,
The Jack Morgan Soags'er, (350 per 100)
Love and Libefty Sens; (340, per 100)
The above books are just lrom the press.'
Primary Geography,
York's'Ehgtish Grammar, '
First Book in Composition, by.L Branson,
llill's roems, by Theo H Hill,
Morren aad Linda, by Bev A W Maagaae,
Dixie Primer, Pictorial, third edition,
First Dixie Reader, by 14 B Moore,
Mvrtle Leaves, bv Rev A W Manznm.
t 00
1 00
71
2 Of
2 00
2 SO
1 aO
25
00
7i
2 00
7ST- The above books are sold at eae-third off
to the trade.
MISCELLANEOUS BOOKS.
Hunten's Piano Forte Instractor,
Lander's Arithmetic,
Bingham's Latin Grammar,
W esleyan Catechism . No. 1,
Wesleyan Catechism, No. 2,
Lansdsll'a Catechism, .
Camp and Field, by Dr Joseph Cross,
Life ef Stonewall Jackson,
The War and its Heroes, Illustrated,
Southern Model Letter Writer,
Rival Administrati ns, E H Pollard,'
Scriptural Views of National Trials,
Romantie Passages in 8. W. History,
Diary .of the War,
The Seige of Vicksburg,
The Sunday School Bell,
The Sabbath School Wreath,
Plowing and Ditching,
Fun for the Camp,
The Camp Jester,
Neeley's Discourses, ,
Dr. Deems' Sermons,
Moral and Religious Anecdotes, I vol.,
Tke Age A New Monthly,
Southern Literary Messenger,
Stonewall Jackson'a' Portrait,
Dr. Deems' Portrait,
Grote's Historv of-Greece, ia 12 vols,
1 00
2 Oa
4 00
25
75
75
-S 00
5 60
I 50
1 50
1 00
8 60
3 60
3 00
2 60
60
76
1 25
1 50
1 00
S 60
2 50
12 00
2 60
2 60
1 60
1 75
126 00
85 00
7 00
C 60
1 60
Bancroft's History United States, 7. vols.,
Abbotts Ilinstrated Histories, each
Second Year of tke War,
Mountain Yielet, by Rev T M Baker,
A Few Cheatnnts for the Children, by Unele
Charles, -
A Sunday School ia Every Churen, by Rev
BMaaly,
Words of Comfort, by H F Buckner,
Robert Cnshman or the Rival Students,
The Little Preacher, by Uncle Charles,
Life of T;C Wimberly, ky Uacle Charles,
Soldier Boy Songster,
Stonewall Songster, "
Cotton Field Melodies, -.
. MILITARY BOOKS.
Naboleoa's Maxims of War,
Bayonet Exercise and Skirmish Drill, '
Volunteer's Field aad Camp Book,
General Orders,
1 60
76
1 25
2;oo
75
75
1 00
1 00
60
1 25
1 25
1 25
00
r Warren's Surgery,
i 85k oel of tko Guides, - .
to
1 60
NOVELS. .
Macaria, by Miss Evaas. 6 00
Master William Mitten, by Judre Lonrstreet, 6 00
Duncan Adair, or Captared ia Escaping, 1 25
Ladv Audlev's Secret, by M E Br ad do a, 6 00
ReOertaad Harold, ky R F Gealdiag, S 50
Eleaaor'a Victory. 6 00
Les Miserables Faatiae, ' 3 00
' " St. Dennis, - SOI
. , Jeaa Valjean, 3 00
Raids aad Romance of Morgan aad Men, (0
Field end Fireside Novelette, v 3 00
1 Silas. Maraer, by Miss Evans. 3 00
The Battle or the Bards . 3 00
CST Those . ordering books to bo aent per
1 mail must lemit 10 cento-, extrfil on the dollar
to pay posuge. BASNSOM 4b FA BRA R.
jalyI-134 lUleigh, If. C
T EL E Gr R H I C .
REPORTS OF THE PRESS ASSOCIATION.
From BacB,
1IACOX, Sept. a. Onr army Is resting at
LovejoyV Station; with tks enemy'a. adrasced
:. Co;Temtla . - - .
1 ... . . ...
t""V.w i . e w
1 pivoimnces, oestreyea g eas
which ke kad never defended, aad tkrew away
aad broke weapons he kad aot the. maaliaesa te
ase against tkcnemr. Fort Morgha aever fired
a gun after the ceninienceaseat ef tke Bombard
meat ,
A telegram from Xaabville of the 1st, says a
ferertea tkoasand atreag, was witkin seventeen
miles of tke city, on tke Murfreeskero' road.
Rosseau ha gone eat to attack tkem. Tke rebels
captared the town of Franklin. Thursday night.
Latest Gold quotations 244.
Staatea's Bulletin of-the 2d, anaeuBeed tke oc
cupation of Atlaata by Skerman's advanced forces.
Unofficial roporta state that tko rebels wore, de
feated at K est Pe;nt witk very heavy lois. flardoe
killed. Union loss not known.
In tke figkt at East Point, rfhoraeaa waa aae
cessfal. Refelta aak'aowa. The Ckroaicle says
editorially, that tke fall ef Atlaata is a deatk blew
to the rebellion, which caa neither be palliated or
denied.
Further from the North.
PETERSBURG, Sept.. Tke Wasklngten
Chronicle ef the 4th, says Stanton telegrapked
Dix that nothing later from Atlanta had beea
received, owing to tko wires being cat betweea
Nashville and Chsttaaoara bv Wheeler. Ths
damage done by Wheeler is alight, and will be
speedily repaired. Wheeler is retreating witk
Ro?st-au in pursuit. Tbe rebel Gen. Kelly was
woaeded ia tbe engagement betweea Wheeler aad
ICn8i1ea.11. ad i In th fodAral'a k&ai.
Wheeler burned several mites ef tke Nashville
and Chattanooga Railroad iu kis first raid, and
captured Franklin, Tenn., tbe same night. Jer-sef's-Confederates
hrobeen cn a raid to tke Okie
river, bal are returning.
Sheridan reports Eearly retreating up the
Shenandoah Valliy, and he puraaiag with bis
whole araiy, and tkat'AveriH attacked Vaughn's
cavalry captured .twenty wagons, two battle
flags, a number of prisoners and cattle; Meade
has gone North on ten days leave of akieace.
Parke commaadiag the army ef tke Petemae la
his absence.
Yankee press dispatches say JEarly's headquar
ters are at Banker Hill, half way between Wis
ckester andMartiasknrg.
SSCOKO BISFATOU.
PETERSBUBG, Sept. C Tko Chronicle of the
?d says Stanton telegraphed Dix oftkefill of At
lanta, and also that tbe draft is reduced to three
k and red thousaad, and cone lndea hia dispatck ky
saying tnat one nuuareu taouaanu new troope
properly fnrniahed is all tkat Grant asks for to
capture Rickmead and give tke 'finishing blow,
te tke rebel armies yet in tko field. The residae
of tke call will be adequate te garrison forte, cities ,
lines of communications, supplies, free toe cona-
try ef guerrillas, give aecunty to trade, protect
commerce, travel and establish peace, order aad
tranquility ia every State.
HexleAM Hews.
PASCAGOULA, Sept. 6 Tke New rleaas
Picayune ef 3 let saya the ateamer "Gertrude" was
fired into the day before, by Rebel batteries three
quarters of a mile above Bayou Sayra. Tweaty
shots fired 12 took effect! Gunboat "Lafayette"
drove tkem "White Cloud" was also fired
into at tke s e time at Bayoa Sayra, oae skot
cutting her steam-pipe.
Tke Trae Delta aavs Certiaas met tke tke Trai
tor Useria It miles north of Victoria, aad after
aa obstinate kettle of five hears with him, is said
tohavegaiaed the most brilliatt victory for tke
liberals dariar tbe war. On receipt of latent-
fence at Mataiaeras, Lt. Cel. Certiaas. Ceasel,
red a sal ate of thirty cans. Flairs and baaaers
atreamed from every hens e-top. It is rumored
. . . I .. f
iat vi en. ierunas, wiia aia victorious arm, im
arcbiar on Mataaeoraa, te contest their advaaee
up tbe Rio Graade.
10,000 PIECES
.TUST RECEIVED, which will be seat to sny
address oa reeeptioa or oar catalogae prieee.
We have new become the aele Agents in North
Carolina for Geo. Dnnn A Co., of Richmond, who
are the LARGEST and FIN EST Malic Pablibera
in the South. . .
All ordere to them, from this State will be filled
at ear store. . .
One half off to the trade.
' Apply for Catalogues of Masle, Books, Ac.
BRANSON A FARRAR,
Raleigh, N. C.
September 7th, 1164. w tf '
. Primitije Baptist iiioeiatioi.
THE Annual Meeting of this Association will
convene at NeUae Chureh, six miles north-esst
of Raleich,oa FRIDAY before the last Sanday
ia September next. Persons from a distance ar
riving at Raleigh by railroad, will bo Turnltked
with conveyance to the place of mcetiag.
aag 27-dit-w3t , ... .
City papers frioadly to the cause of religica,
please copy. . . .
BC0K AND J0D W0CH
NeaUy eioeuted at THIS OF