THE CONFEDERATE.
TYEDXESDAY, Jl'XE 29, 1804.
The Troops.
V,'c have to-dsy had the pleasure of a-conver-eftii
in with an officer commanding one of or
reKietits, who is just from the front. Ha
i:n -cif hi been a distinguished and nieritori
CM actor in the war, aud is thoroughly conver
r.vu with the situation and prospect. 'He
pnenk in plowing terms of the feeling ind con-
Jv::cc in th army, Either labor, watching,
t-'.t fiht'i'g depresj-ei the men. They con
s'. :.' v il-i -mstlve? the victors up tejhis timcthey
thieve the successful rcsiat-ince to Grant will
te.Tf'1 to close up ttie aeouat and tkey mean
to hi:a and bring about the solution of
our ilifu'.-ultiea.
By the vray, happening to be at the Rail-
i ta I Dop.-t last .night, wc had an opportunity
of vTitr.f5fiir)g something of the came spirit of
true "oMtery. One brave fellow, whese leg
hud bcu amputated, called for an ambulance
to go to i If --pu?l : hut not being able to get
ft cotivryarc, ho siiJ "well turn mc over on
tt,i- plunk. ' It's as good as the ground, and j
Lav? trird that, and so has Bob Lee. We'll
ft: u whip out Grant, and and all go to bed."
V,'o x.ivr another wounded man, who was
cr;.vi;t!r ii little milk. He ia the last of ; five
br : htrH four of whoia have been killed,
one iu: 1 his son have both been wounded, and
Jr. , wife has become '.i:d since he last caw her.
Yet," snid he, "it I were not wounded, I Would
r .-Ther o back, to the company than to go on
hon-e; f :!," sail hs, "I wautto jee them out."
ire noble instances of true patriotism.
M i; op of such mat ji lal, tLe army is invinci-
l.lv.
Tise Stale Klocliade Running.
M -tr i )v.l, S ate Q i n tertnaster, has re
.i' v ji'ililiahe 1 an orti'U.tl statement, show
:j the v. -stilt of Go. Vance's scheme, by
Vv
! .
! North Carolina troops have been
! !, ::'.m a vast amount, even millions
ini.io i! rlejsr iin t she State.
The .sum of Major Dowd' statements seems
t.' he :-b .ut this : The State appropriated, aa
c -:...! for conducting these operation, $2,
;:ji,i.:)0. With ti is t he clothing &c. &c.
l..vi; h :t ii purchased, ai.d the sales have rral
! n ch-;r pr.dits ., the State of $6,771,478
' -oiiich k,'Jl4S 18s sterling is tlie prin
. . p.irr. Tm;U 47,248-! are equal to
c'--.io, and that in jnaiana, at tor J,
;i. ;, ;!!:::& lO $1,72 i 8'JO ill tUITr.Cy.
A T-khnlar Statement from the ofiice of Mij.
T. i). Il 'i,', State Con)u:idfary, shows the
of another of Gov. Vance' provident
- !. lio procured the passage ct a law
i.rz nx the purchases of provisions for
.'.: ;' families, &c. Major liogg reports
iM'utho l-t i :st. hi had issued and
i :
! '. r ;1 )-pit i!s, JS 000 lbs. of bacon, 2.7G8
IS . . :" ii.'v, and 105 obis Fioar; n ! had s.hJ
t. ' "i y ootaaiii inera for soldiers familie?,
r.. !i.s ii.y. .f bacon, 2058 lbs. rice, 2,154
1.1 !s. ; jnr, and 41,500 "bushels corn. All
thri" articles were j-urohased at points whero
th(v wtrt plenty an I low, and solj to pointa
t ;Iitrc lh'.y wers scarce and hik.
llwn thcic, greit a3 they ara, are not all of
tl. plvisint result.;. So:na 30,000 pairs of
c .tt u cards have been distributed to soldiers'
1 ii.i'ios in every county in this State, at $5 a
pair, wocn other blockade runner! wera sell
it:.; them at fr.m J?50 to J100 a pair; four
in iciiines havo bo u brought and rre a!)out to
he out in operation, for making cards; and
many i.cccssary manuals have beeu imported,
a:jd soM to manufacturers in the State at
corn aratively reasonable pric?, at least where
t!he manufacturers were peliiog their produc
ti xic to the State at reasonable prices.
Kf.l: to the State 'l keaptbies. The
Cmrency Act of the last Congress was amend
ed ;ir the late session .o as to relieve the State
M nut. h at:tijiated. inconvenience. Instead of
ti!
r.vi.-ijii for fin. ding or submitting to the
o t i n all of the old issue held by the
1 St tte. the Secretary of the Treasury
w r- quired to redeem at par in new issue
:..t' t the amount of the old held by any
i-; i
f n
i '..'(. Tiie remaining half the Stata my
. as piMvidcd originally, in 0 per cent.
b"-.us. or in untaxable 4 per cont. 20 year
c v)) h-udi.
Ti:' State holds 1,400.000 of the old is
su. Virginia has $3,000,000.
ll.c Recent Yankee Advance towards
Kingston,
A C ire-pondent is of the opinion that jns-
tir troops around Kinston demands the
statemet.t of faot? which ha has
f .::ti- .l from reliable authority :
Tr c xiikt-e force coi tistr d of the 15th Con
! a:. -imci.t. tke 1 32 i New York regi
i.. : t. o o.tery II. S i N Y. LiUt Artillery.
i tr... companies ,.f the N. Y. cavalry all
r ii. al it 1V?00 in n. 0::e hundred picked
v,: u :r, rn the two reuinjetit above aaention
t t tvanded by a Capt. Gren of the 132J
' York Ks't, advaLCeit thriuh swamps
. . i xt .im.:S to lobb'is iniHs ; Lt. Col. Illtth
-x. o: the 1C2J New York liey'l, adTattCrd
i L .e Ncu?o uaii 300 men, ud one
pi . ei.f ariiller ; (X1. P. J. Classon, coin----sudij
g the lG2 i N. Y. K-g't, advanced on
r .cr losd with Too ii-tantryt one huudred
c.x a:r , and tiirt- p.ect-s of ariillery.
ihty.wtre to uka a junc;ion at Sonth-
r . rek and capture all of our outposts.
i : y c 1 son.e Un agf, btu not as much as
v. laid cut for tin m. We lost 62 prisoners,
37 I 47i.it h If lon.jt.t to tha 6th N. C. caTil-
r . lo Ulorged to Capt. C gdell's Co. D, 67th I
N. C isimeut, aud killed, ot the 6th cav- m .t.- i-i , -r i r
S mru. and winded two ; ot We?i'J 7 -otliin like rArUl wife S un
c r, ;,u . 67th regt, 4 killed al;d 1 wound- 1 dertGod TrurlWe1 J woer tbls llte
1 ic vankee prisoners were t-ken and U!r' M ihekW .df P '.cdiDS' f.S"!0,6,
. . - u.i.d dlad at CVd.b's mills. Th Vni ctcb?s the Uon ; but if she s full
iv? - t n.mandt d by a Capt. West of the
li: L . cavalry, and the v h( le corn m and d
ly t: t- i otorioi:6 n gro hivt-r Cd. Cla.-son.
vli . ?re piloted by negroes and buffaloes,
who 1 ru.trly livd iu the country b?low, bo
the war.
! -The Situation.
Tho telegrnpn 4;ne is operatiag through to
j rtersburg and Richmond, and thede places are
no larger isolated from communication with
the Confederacy. The lines around the South
of Petersburg &re kept by the respective armies,
and are without doubt strengtheaing thfir
fortifications. Daring the past week there
were, from day to day, havy skirmishes, reach
ing at times to hard fought battles between por
tions of the army of Gen. Lee and the forces of
Grant. In all of these, tye balance ef success
ia with us. Our casualties have been com
paratively few. The number of priaoners takes
by the eueny has amounted to a scarce per
ceptible less ; while in killed and wounded they
have suffered heavily, aud wehare captured
from time to time in round numbers about
thirty-five hundred.
Their daerlien3 are frequent and in con
siderable numbers ; and all these tll one tale of
disaffection, demoralization and a general dis
inclination iu Grant's army for further fighting.
The spirit of our troops continues sanguine
and confident; not a soldier that we see or
hear or, who" does not speak with entire as
surance f our ultimate triumph, concluiVely
and effectually, over Grant. They laugh to
scorn the doleful, distressing, melancholy, des
pairing notes of hopelessnes? and gloom
which fill the air hare in the rear ; thay des
pise the arithmetic! who (cyphers them
iwilves, as far as any usefulness is concerned,)
arc bu?y working out long lists of figuro, to
show the fearful diminution in our ranks, and
they very naturally wish that some of t'se
cyphers would take the riht side of the line,
and thus occupy a position where they might
count j'.t least as a unit. An hour with one of
these bronzed and begrimed inhabitants of the
trenches, ia as refreshing as shower of a sul
try lay. Thy inspire, encourage and exalt
the patiiot'3 wishes, and respond to his cheer
ing anticipations.
For our owu part, though participating in
that just and ntural anxiety -which arises
from the importance the momentous impor
tance of the situation our confidence has
never abated. On every principle of war, it
is demonstrated that Grant! movement so far
is a failure; a succession of shifts and strata
gems, coufeasing inability tcTsucceed in the
original design, and giving evidence of the ne
ces;oty of change. .
It is utterly impossible, at this distance to
eorijectur, much leas to say with any pre
cisioa, how long this sbate of things may last,
or when or how shall be the end thereof.
This can only be a'.lemptad by those oracles
who am possessed of inspiration whose com
modities of prophesy, of the past md futur,
are thrown ou the market at the value of the
disposer. Thee neither begat events nor con
trol' them ; they only describe their idea of
them ; and with intelligent people this ought
to be hannUas.
If we judge by experience, Gen. Lee will
deliver battle at the right, tim'a, and in the
right Way, aud with the right result. This
is a comforting assurance, because founded on
experience.
The raiders on tho Danville road havs done
exteusive mischief; to what exact extent, we
are nt able to say ; but we fexr they hare
torn the track for more than twenty mile.
At Stauntou bridge, between Burkeville and
Danville, they encountered our forces, and
were signally repulsed with the loss of about
two hundred, killed and wounded. They
wore retreating at the last accounts, by a sin
gle road, and that is said to have been blocked
in their rear. May they " come to grief or
go to Americus and Charleston, which is the
same thjng.
In the course of tho diy, we trust to have
dispatches for the press. If we had received
them sooner, we should not have written this
editorial; for tho weather is not cool ther
mometer 94 collards dry and threatening
collapse gardens altogether in the drought
and not a 'dafcper," excopt the far-off re
ports of rin in Georgia, and the dampers of
these everlasting cyphera who work their
brains day and night to add up Confederate
losses. May the day come when a glorious
victory may subtract all their occupation from
them when peace, independence and pros
perity may be multiplied throughout the land,
and the fruits thereof so divided among loyal
people, that naught will be left for those who
have been tories in heart, speech and writing,
buf CYPIIERS.
Since writing the above, we have rumors
from Greensboro' that the entire command of
Kautz, the Raider, has been captured by
FitE Lec and Dearing. If this be true, raid
ing, with a loss of artillery, horses, men and
flkers, don't work out by any rule in ariih
metic except reduction.
The clouds, ioo, common, catural, health
reviving, garden and collards'-restoriug clouds
are loonsiog up ;' go d, capital rain-thunder
is muttering ; fine, air-pnrii'yiug lightning is
flashing, and such a breeze! and we in white
pantaloons, thin shoes, away from konie, and
no umbrella!
Bare Goods at Auction.
It is aot often that so rare a sale of artloles ia
offered at Auction, as the lot advertised for faext
Saturday by Mtssrs. Tucker, Andrews & Co.
And they have for sale privately, a choice and
superior lot of Cloths, Ladiea Dress Goods, &c.
The well knowo reputation of thia now firm will
ensure for it a large business is the Auction aad
Commission trade.
v. uup auu UCI pjf , UCI BUJ1ICB Will IUCI JTUU
in the darkest hours, and enable you to
achieve what you at first thought impossibil
ities. Let a man oiarry one, therefore, "equal
to either fortune' who can adorn his poverty,
aud who under all circumaUucee will be tru
ly his help-mate."
In the year ef glorious memory, A. D. 1840,
Mr. Holdt-a, then just expanding from a pro
mising youth into a self-made' man, was sitting
in the midst of an assembly, with a coon in one
pocket and an opossum in the other, in a log
cabin, in presence of a barrel of cider which had
arrived at a stage called hard: and the occupa
tion of the rising statesman was to dip from
this open barrel the exquisite beverage which
he carried to bis lips with a vessel that waa
spelt with a G, but did not spell goblet, but
gourd. Two .years jvas?d over his head, and he
sought "to be a Star;" and whm be couldn't,
he floated as a Stamigrd," and on his fold in
scribed eternal hate to "Bank-bought, Federal
British Whigs, " whose toubriquet he afterwards
abreviated into "Mexican Whigi;" and again
subsequently changed into Know .Nothmgi"
and "Abolitionist."
The log cabin to which we have alludsd the
early political residence of Mr. H oldest waa
constructed of unseasoned pTne.pola, hewn with
hatchets, and from out the pares ef the wound
ed tree there oozad and issuti tbe fresh clear
turpentine an article that ttujkswith a tenaci
ty more enduring than Mr. Holden's viewa
and principles." Wo well remember on the
memorable morn, when ushered by a real
Shepherd into a new fold, Mr. Holden saluted
tho world as "alwayo a democratic republican
of the school of '93-'9rJ, " and become thence
forward a Standard of censistency and unselfish-
aess. We well remember to have scausod bis
breeches on that distinguished day, and to have
- seen how g'azed and sticky about the seat the
were, and somewhat rent, like one who had
long been in contact with seme resinous matter
and had 44 torn away " with difficulty. He;c
the "odor of Naval Staros," which disturbs
Mr. Holdea's olfactories, is bis own small: It
is tho edfcr of his early instinct and it will
always sarrouud him, for it was "virgin
dip'
Around Lynchbarg
From the Lynchburg Rtpublican of Monday
the 20th instant, we take the following whrfch
is highly interesting, otvithstandin the as
surance we have that Huntkr, Crook, Av
xrill and iother Yankee leaders have, ere
'this, been sent hcwling, if they have not been
wholly broken up or captured:
THE OFEKATIOXS ARoUND THE CITT.
Friday afternoon about 4 o'clock Crook and
Avcrili's forces reached a portion near what
is known as the ' Quaker Church' on the
Salem Turnpike, lour mi!s from the city, on
the left Of our lines, where a considerable
skirmish Occurred with our cavalry under G?n.
Imbodeo. In the fight the eaemy gained
some advantages owing to the left of our 1idp
giving way before a charge. We lost j-ome
8 or 10 wounded, and about 20 missing, sup
posed to have ben captured. We took three
prisoners, who reported fh-U they had several
killed and wounded. Thp Yankees vre
promptly ch?ck' d by our infantry and retired
to th-'r original line bryod tho Church.
. Among our woun .cd iu this .fiht was Major
1) .ie$, re pi r ted mortal iy.
Sa urday morning at dayliht tho heavy
booming of artillery on our left and centre
told that the fight was begun, and many be
lieved a general engagement was pr "grossing.
It was soon ascertained, however, thU it was
on-y an ai tii!.;ry duel, and up to one o'clock,
no infantry was brought into action. Shortly
after this time the rapidity of the discharges
increased, and th2 sharp rattle of th musket
ry mingled with the hrarse roar of artillery.
About this time the ehemy advanced in two
lines of battle to capture our outer entrench
ments on tho left of truturupike, but were
repulsed. Agin they wars rallied to the
charge and wereeigain driven back with con
fiJerable los. Fort y of their killed wre left
on tbe field, aud sotiif 20 piissoners were taken.
Including the killed and captured their loss
.was it least. SCO. psibiy 300. Our lo8
during the encire day on thi3 partjf the line
was 5 killed nd '20 wounded. On' thn entire
line it was ascertained Saturday night that
the enemy's loss was 76 killed.
After the second repulsed, the enemy retir
ed before the advance of our skirmishers, and
at nisthtfail our line was about one fourth of a
milrt in advance of our original portion, the
enemy resisting the advance only by feeble
cannonading.
The battle ground was-on both sidf. of the
Slem Turnpike, between the Quaker Church
and 1 he loll gate, and about two miles south
west of the ffty.
TilE fighting on our right.
About 12 n'dock, the enemy on our extr2in
right centre opened hvily with artillery,
but after a fierce duel of two hours duration,
tbe enemy's guns were silenced and driveu
from the fi .dd, A small portion of infantry
were brought inio acti'-n also, but there ws
no fighting of consequence with them. We
keard of no casualties. This fighting was ob
whnt is known as tho "Forres-t road," about
2 i miles from tow j, the enemy's batteries
being planted ou the farm of Mr. H. W.
liarb.-daleJ and our position being immediate
ly m front of "Tare's Spring.""
There was a report in circulation Saturday
night that during the day we captured fie
pieces of artillery, but we were unable to as
certain whether it bad any foundation or net.
A body of the eueroy' cavalry, made a de
monstration occur extreme right, on tbe Lex
ington Turnpike, Saturday, about five miles
from the city, but were promptly met by ejuie
of ouroavalry and tasily checked.
The operations of Saturday, while only par
tial, afford evidence oi the spirit of our men,
and give as-uranse that wlou the hafile opens
in erurst, the r-suit ill be a victory as coe
plfte as any uf the w r. Our frivr.da at a dis
tance itay rest assured that Lynchburg is as
aafe now as it would be wtre there not a Yan
kee witum a thoosund niiles of the city.
" A general engagement is anticipated to-day,
(Sunday) and at it olos- Hunter will be of the
same opinion, wr we i-bail be more deceived
than we tver were in our life.
In deference to what we believe to oe the
wishes to the military authorities, we forbar
giving the names 4 tno irouj.it eugaged, but
when the necessity for Do. reticence fdall paaa
away, we shall take pleasure in meutiuuing
thom as their gallantry degrrvea.
Messrs. Editors: Btlow I send you the
casualties in Co. K, 24th N. C. regiment, iu
the engagements iear ihis place on the 16th,
17th at)d-18;h inst.
Killed Private William T Murray.
Wounded pt J H B.dfer, in reek ; privates
Wm Wo alrnff, sw-veie in ,sead ; J. hn Prks
in leg ; Auj:utus P Y.uti. veie in fce nd
bea . aud Paul Pearce. in L;.nl t ldi-si;u
privates He r .ilftrr-, T:-. s B -4do ;fi . !.
Montague Pcrrv, L L Daroerun, M .rtm V
Iieici, aud Jos Move.
B. P. BAKER, 1st Leut.
Couamd'g Co. K, 24th tf. C. T.
lat eat from Petersburg and Other l!nts
in Virginia.
Through the courtesy of Majnr Shepherd
by the fiaocL. of Mr. R. H. J. Bh imt. wo are
j in receipt of the Petersburg Register of Satur-
I . : c i i
.." ""S ro:n wnicti we make Copious
extracts this morcing:
fridat's operation1 about fetebsdoro.
Just at 7 o'clock on yesterday (Friday)
rftorning, the quiet which, had prevailed for
many hours previous, was broken by a tre
mendous roar of artillery fn.m the lioea im
mediately on the eat of the city. For one
hoar and forty mi nut, the cannonading was
loud and luriou. ihe enfrarien.pnt in rtilt.r
being between tho enemy's bailterioa ou hial
ri rrV-1 ft r-A 9 VAt f t il
..w., uAtrij vi uur?uu me norm nana
of the Appomattox, which will always be
heard from at the right time. But something
elaa besidea artillery firing went on, and as
truthful chroniclers of evc-iiU, we must state
tbe fact, that in an attempt to tru? unit of the
batteries held by the Yankee, we suaUined a
loss of b;?iweeu 2 aud 400 prisoners. Tfcese
com- pod the 27th of Flag.d's Urigade of
Hoke's Division. Few we hear were killed
the enemy having allowed thftm to come to
where they could be overmastered witboJUmuch
expenditure of b-.H and powder. Twentv
niiie prisoners ware taken by u and brought
into leter.bur. "letter luck next titne" for
a storming party by .our" gallant troops.
Some shells came into ihe city iu the latter
pa't of the day. but we have heard of no par
ticular injury don to person or property, a
we should haye doae, ha I any casualty of the
kind occurred.
10 o'clock p. m. rainAT.
A distant cannon is heard at lvnj intervals,
but nothing more exciting is traaspiriag at thia
hour.
12 o'clock iridat niomt.
Wo have news that the Yankeaa havo de
stroyed Burkeville Junation, " and that tha
raid ia sweeping on tcwarda Danville, and tha
eonaectiona southwostward of that point. Of
course, they will destroy what lays in thtir
way, as far as they will bo allowed to g. Tha
Piedmont road and Greensboro', N. C, may bo
their aim If they succeed, they will cut for
a time the N. C. railroad, and treak off com
munication with the Chtrlotte and Columbia
road and our southwestern railroad connections.
MILITAT OPERATIONS OX THK P2TKRSBUKQ AND
WSLL'ON BAILR0A1).
We have tke gratifying intelligence to eent
muaicate, that the Yankees have not naly been
dislodged fre the Petersburg and Wcldoa rail
road, uar the Six mile Hnu-e, but hve been
driven oflf with the loss in one j-rticular of 500.
as that number of priswnrs. a.nong whom ware
28 oSictrs, wre marched into the citr about 10
'o'clock yestarday morning, vad taken to the
spot t which their 2,000 illuOriona prede
cessors" wera lodged for aufe keeping on Thurs
day morning. This ood service was accom
plished by a portion of Mahone's command, en
Thursday night. Where so ruafty prisoners
were taken thare must have ban (if the
Yankees fought at all) souse killed aod wounded,
but how many we do not at th tiniw knw.
Nor have we htardof our own casualtie, which
we are sure wera fe if aoy. The Yanktea
have destroyed about two miles of tbe track,
which, under the cr.crglstic mangeaeat of Presi
dent Sandford and his asistautf, will soon be
reinstated to food order and condition. Tha
Yankee sniscreants had j ut set fi to a pile ef
raili wbieh they had raided whan our roan riat
uuon them, drove tkemcCaad soon extingui.k
ed tue fire.
A later report wa t.rouht in on yesterdsy
evening that the Yankees had returned aff r
their whipping were still in force on the rail
i road neat the " S?x mile FJ,ous3.'' and that only
i a misll portion of the track Was injured.
We have seen more than one or tvo engaged
in this fight, and all ajiree that the fiht, be
ginning about subset, rcMllted in Ihe compute
surprire and discomfiture of the raiders, with
out any k.ss to ns, and wi'h similar unanimi
ty state that the injury to the road was south
ward of the Six mile House. The gallant
men who accomplished this ood work, have
taught the great U!ys that he will try in
vain to isolate Petersburg by cutting tin main
iaavenu?s to it. The Siuth-side railroad, if
not'now in full operation, wiil b- so bfore
to-niht. Grant has been br -- tgh?. to a stand
upon tho system of tactics to which he resort
od. when he abandoned his original "all sum
mer route " to Richmond. Perhaps he will
spend " all summer " just whe.ro l.e is. unless
he en's uack and triej O'fie other highway to
the Cm federate capital, lie caonot take
Petersburg thai's certain, wor can ho cauvs
any fnrccthal wiil isoUi it.
From the Local Cf-lumH of the Rcguttr, we
clip the following:
Thursday night passed over in pf-ace and
quitneM and at 6 o'clock A. M.. n Friday
morninji sabbath stilin-xa preaihd t.irongti
oiit the city. There were no r;noura afloat,
for the "rliab'e grntlem-n" h oi not yet start
ed oa Ids daily roniida. N'-ihbor mt neigh
bor, yawniugly asked each o!hr "what rnv,''
and the unusual resp J se of ''ne-h.-idy hurt"
last night, was as crr-ot as t?er isiie, 1 hi
pleasaut state of affairs continued until thr
town clock aiinounc d ihe svth hour, whan
the report ol a si'.-'e guo cm roll i ttj up the
Appamattox. Scarcely hd i' eclioea died
away, when the trr;io thnndeia f a havy
cam .na le burst upon tha startled oity Oar
batteries on the north bank of the river, in
Chesteifl -Id county, which completely enfilad
ed the Yankee batteries on toe oppoite side,
in front of Bland ford, had opened fire on tho
enemy, which was returned with promptness
and energy. For one hour it waa one contin
ued ioar witht utdhe .-lightest intermissioa.
The deep boom of the neavy "thirty-! woV
could be clearly disiti::guisubd from the sharper
crsii of the.iitlml p.ece-, winla as an .iccorn
pioitnttit to ?b awful mii; could b- di:--timtiy
heard tbe rushing ii-- t it-? &iuz
fthedis. It was no' tbnt wnirniig rm i iver.
forth by a Hngie slifil as it p..-.e-1 -vr h ad
on its mission f death and iV.truoti"0. Hut
the suiii.d ieeti'ibl'i the di.tA?t rr t f UJ
ing waters. 'or hf passi-. of a mighty wbiri.
wind through a forot ' ty ,d..t. .
The battle frou- d t ibicii. a ii -rt rnMe
ard a half f;oro thr t.vf ' P-r. ih:r.' bri .'g .
from whence. !audu i y pile f tu?!'r.
w could discern ti; g... ;vi!f ;h" Oijli k-
suiphunms canopy
Al O fix l.U.Ji, fh
conbat-nts. Like j-ia ol ftei-ii, ti.et roh d'
in a mi-circle acr.-t the river, and to ihe
hpect;t"rs, who crowded the bous-t"p aod
ovry ot that commanded a view of the
fi. ht, seemed to fall amidst the opposing bat
teries. At 3 o'clock, precisely, the horrible din
died away, a'.d for a ew in -men y there waa
a solemn siiet.ee, oi ly interrupted by a siagle
shot or two from sons" distant iMttery. Whih
the anxi us gr oip vere dicusing.the pr.b
ib'e r-ults of tt.i ensi." ti-ent, and confident
Iv prdivUi 4 tie eva.-u.-.t 'on 4,f rb.c Yankee
V;ttti;ps, f.. wtir :uai' aUir.l-'d by a tre;vpi-d-.-.
rnft-e f n usktiry, thi tinn- .'r oceVg
from the city side of the. river, and ovith-ntly
ia lofe proximity to our linea in froat o
li'amlf r J. F-r a very f-w riiintitc'J it rolling j
lire wafnai uind.n!d theti suddenly ceased.
Twmty mi n . tea past 8 oV-fc, A. M
lence anin leigncd al.nr our !ine. cnl wph i
the oxefpti u of a gotr rirrd cccaic?iAHy, al
h-t been quiet up to 3 o clo k. P. M.
ine n usfeetry crir.g p0 mdeA fr m ft
charge mad- by our mvo. in which th:-v cap
tured ihe hr!j pit in front of t i terie 1
aid 2 on the banks of tho river, and took 29
prif-ners, afior which they retired witbn
their lines. .
'f'VTV SIDB K0AD.
the Gov. isment property, eonsittirg of
prevision, cnr.. &c , was tomnletely temovf 1
before the Djon' ills janclion was occupie.l by
th enemy. Tucy had but emrtj WMrhcu'is
to destroy. Before their arrival nt Lurkavil
they captured a large train of cars loruld will
cotton, which they destroyed. Twonf th cars
were loaded with furaiture. One car load w
owned by Mr. John Hawkins, agert of tha
Norfolk Railroad. He remonstrated with f her,
and as it was private property they allowed bim
to remove it he for they fir'd the train. The
furnituro in tha otker ho ong-d to Mr. Jamta
Lufay, of this eit part of it was t Aen oat
and destroyed, and the remainder was barnt
up. They destroyed but a email partien of the
track. They acted with great deliberation,
piled the wood around the can, and afttr re
freshing themselves and resting thtir tird
horses they set fire to the wocd, and wfcea it
was in flatnea tkey If ft. It was supposed thay
numbered three or four thu?tnd.
Hunter, Kbelridhn, Ac.
The Exxtmintr of Friday ccntains the fol
lowing: MUSTEK AHD Hit Tk tVTT.
The ls'i t wr have from this irteresting
party of k-da Idlers will be found in the tel
egrini from Lynchburg. If ths infoi marina
contained in that di. patch is correct, as it most
probably is, U-intaV u striking for Jackson riv
er depot, and i ot n.ore thau eiglit or ten mile
crst of Covington. If he stucoeds in reach
ing the liter place, and dcftroving the tri!s
after him, ho will b; safe. Ve b?liev that
he will rrarh Covimrtn w h m vt of his ar
my, but tht.re is little iloulit he wiil loosi- all
his mxterial of war and byagr by the vay-
side. His ignominious fjii t into Vtsier;i
Yirgiaia contrasfs weil with his triun;plunt
eutry into the undefended iovvn or Lix.in.iti n !
fltKRIDAI AI HIS GANG.
It is now pretty well ascrtninrrt that Pher
iJan, and such f his t'" cnuid travel,
left the White Houe Vedn s :ay evcr.ij.
and cominjr Weft s far as Cm Tip's cr"s
roads near Tfinstali's, ofi the Y-irk River
railroad, struck ut in two eolumra for the
Jar c rir. T ey " re hflieved to -have
crossed to the soutii hank if ic Chirkab'-mi
ny Iit the Long and Pruvidene" Fore hridej,
abour sunrise yesterday morning. Tt dis
tance across the country fn:th the Whito
Hotife to Ve?bver'is not more than twenty
five mile. It poib!e S'irid -n m-y en
count r sunte oi o-V t his saf trr.nsit.
Noeann.-n were heml'tn thai direction
y-aerday.
WHAT TUB TAN SEES DID IX J.EXirteVtVK.
We h iv hefiu-f ns a Mtrr fro.n n inf c-lii-pfQt
lady of Lrtxirij:ton. .pMki.ij; of tha con
duct of Hunter' a my at that p!?ce. O j
proachingt.ii tv and wit! out any nof;fi
cation to the in! ahitarts. thy pt-md n it
with their .-.rti'brv. The shells (ore through
ad exphvltfl in may of Ihe dwelling h'Mis
bef'Ts the i i'vtrs wro apn'isod int tise
et en.-y etas -.'p in -thrm. Tr-e consierfjaiion
anions the ,,!ence'oi pei.. was of canr
vrrr ;re?t. Tin- n m!i hii ljilf-d witli tluir
children ini rc'i.ir. wit!-. :h 'nW'z thai :.
next m-mif t !rh.2-s
l eir r-us'-s wu!d -.
burnt above them. Tl lady wiu..e 1-U; r
we allude t" aj , Jut p xccf?'v wis tho
dred caused l y thi b.ir'-r ;? ho:r. hard -rent
that the Y..k?f. aff r a Is cf pdi"? ard
arson, serrntd l' c :r. ri - -?! r.iji !
. Prvte hour wtro, acordinsito the cnttera
of Yankee aoldiery, rn:ic'r:ed and pillagrd, the
nerves, in every io.Mnc, prtiiuring to tiraaa
the locus ef anifilte-hcu,-e8 and store rooms,
though the keys wer at '.l eir neVviea. Accounts
have Jready been published of ti e nunb'r.r af
buildings burnt, and it is imuce5sarj to ra-,
capitulate thf m, e.p-rinl y this is no pleasant
theuje'to dwell up". The tnv tr it vcho-h
Governor Letcher's furniiy wre tfad d'e vi
to he record.;! aprt of tue hi-tnr .f thit )
invasion cftht 8 nth by th bftr'oarian of the ,
North. They :ve hia family notice that in taa j
uinutea they nuuld apoiy the toie'i t his
dwelling, and half of ibo tim- allotted was
hut Id inv in latinr dawn iiii-iif tiiii' am tt tkVitif I
- ... J y - , ...... " -
abeaid and what should u-it e i amoved -ey.nd
the r-ach of the tl.i:ae. AH tha clothes, furni
ture and provisions of thr fnniily vre in that
ar:U8, and all wera coni'iiTicd except tha uin
handful that could br taken out by two or three
ladif in five minute.;
Thvy Cominiiifd only on muni t hut we
hnve heard of. 'l'hoy to. k Mr M-ithcw
White troui his house, ard upn thi rharae
of which ther-e vr t; proof, ;iti.l wliiiii
would have bee.cn jimiiiitv.ti ti if it h:id been
trur, thul he had b-'to vervinj; with lenera!
Mc' 'auslatid. and bad killed one of their cten.
carried hi-.n itito the untrv, tied him to a tree
and shct hira to death lihf a d. .
We tr.ive n,, mr id f.:oi: ts f. r diluting
upon the barb.iroi.s condu t of lh" tt.crny,
and no difp-'si ion totX4;i-;-ia lavs in them
aelvt'g sohorril-lr ir:bu:nan -s i exoit ir.ere
duli!', were t! rir trn h n"t stabli'd-.ed b
jrnd a l doubt ; but as j Tir::-listrf ii ia our
duty'to record these thing.
- HRprfmc CoKrt.
Opinions have been dthverrd in the following
oases .
By PaAaso, C. J. In Stnte v .E'ack, from
Ashe, directing a new trial. Ia Bwrra v
Strudwick, from Orange, directir r the Cierk to
atat-- an account e' argiag ttte di-f.-dr.ot wit h
the vilu of the iseprrt iu Ivt Walton o
G-tln. lirPting u certiorari.
liy Battle, J. In S:t r cNeely, fr aa
Bark., venire tie novi In Y- z" v Ak;i . from
Orarg. buiiaiiri ;bs ; idwit-i t. In .dm v
Jwd -h. fr..:i Ora'ig :.!s.r;'i: i th.- j'.i :;at.
Bv Mr.T. J I' Hiie M-mc 'lii u f ai
Mrtrc. M-nir'-iiae th j'.olfr . I;i P.; trw.n
R-chard-on. frtn Or.r g-, afTi! n- i j i . j'idg
r-t. Ia Statff v Duokw-.r. h. fr-iu Bur It. a
error.
Per CcniaM. Io v J--.es. fr-.ra Ala
naneo, docUiing that fhr it ho error.
K. C. Woaiided in CrorsU.
"We find in the A'IA: &felrracv n 'it
of the woundd in Go". J h'.torV M-mrt ii
the recent fight with SV- ;a - afniv. '
Among the ua nea a" fh f l'-vi'z tr- n
N'Otif C-ro'ioA. 1
CK the 29 h X 0 ll - hv V M. CI cm
tn. J. A .liihnai A fr..A 'm..!. A. A-..-"'
T.-orth. J. E A 'M i'.W. M SnSr.
Of the 39 b X. C J V : .io C. L.
Fi er, C- rp'l Win ed, T I) L-.ndon, and '
'Oorp'l JuPten.
Of tho lia X. C Vv. C Yrjin.
TELE G li A P I II C '
HE POUTS Of TliK PRlfSS ASSUCIATIO.V.
Eotered atTordiaf t act of Ongreti:t the tetr
ma, br J. iSi IhHajksr. in the Clerk'i c.V.ca
cf tho lMsf.Het rt of the Confederata Sstater
f"r tke Nertbern i)iitHct of lieorj-ia.
Tha Telegraph was woTklajp through to Peters1
borjr all -lay yerterday, bat fram soaie cause no
Pres disaatchet were reeeltad.
TTe fiad the fli-vr Ir Te!eframiia iba Peters
Warj lltjitttt of Saturday:
Frnn tf Tnltf d Siaff t
RICHMOND, Jane 24. The Battio-sre Ga,.it4
rf the Cist hit bean rlceived.
ITncfT.cial rcunts rerent tha Federal ioia
ia the -veral iiiiulii on theenemv's works near
Tetersborjc en S a rdav t a severe. ?fo official
rep-irt ba bca reeieetf.
Tk' Federal Icn Triday aa ?ordty are
attimited et S.OCh).
.Shenaan iperton the evtri of the 0lb,
that JobMtca had not retreated aero. tbe Chat
tAhw'ichie rieer, but bad evacuated the werkx itr
front af Keaesaw M ia.o.ai.n. Lie still holis the
Menataia.
Tha confirmed nil. hire rerlrpd military
normfnti !et mpo.M'.bl.
tieU la New Yeik rr th 20th t 19i
European adeje-e to tbo lf)lh, ara uniorp'r-
tsnt.
T!tth: ncokiathsm hat bn bnrnt by tbe
Ala?: a u.
Iron I ynchhnnc.
LV.VCHnriiO, Junt Jt.r-It ieditr.(u!tto iT-t
sriy cere f, :n llujitfr' dying srinr. InfanAa
lion reeivd this rro: ainjr ij that he i H' con
tinsinf um'p retreat in rifmofaliipd cotn.irtn, atd
tf elojt'y re-sed Vr cor army that thev have no
chtnee ti f.jrsc on our people, arti are er!,',J
for proviiiR(. Perpent from ?idfrd ss? tt
she er.f-mj's tr.iirs were drirea ihrrejh that
coua'r by ar forceg et a furloas rate uarlt-r whip
and spur, and that Ihe road slon? tk route it
lined with d?ad horr tint were killad by ovef
rxer:i'A. Tu. .-!. oar forces altscked the ne
ray r.par Ss!t, capturi.jf tn pieces of arti'lerv
(to hundred ii. ).!, kcr.drd aad fiftv piis
ancri m tet?r wir.fn. Tha enemy hve da.
freou mi of thtir ci?oat end -tj'rie in pto
vest thtir fa!:! 'into oar hsndii. It it reprtrd
that we have agaia r.rc. tL the eae uy' to-dr
rtr Firicaetie.
Oi:o hundred and thirty nf kheridaa't raidett
fctro irrivd her.
F.uuter deitroyed a great amuoat of vrivttj
priuerty in bit tirence, ai-d tide a lars rum
h-r ( waonj. hortct and cattle.
TO THK YHQYIE OF WiKK CDL'.NTT.
rpHK CANDID1TKS KOli THK MiGISb-;-1
tore aid Tor Si-eriff will ufet and iiCnrrn
tke'.r fo'loiv-citiier.t at
Ba?heef
Kanks'
r"ir.klia
rMi
D ot);:?villo
i'orettvide
lt!oioTine
Wakef.rM
H. ...d
Br: nr Jne
r.Mhley'tX lUtdt
ttr'-en ivel
Uorritvilla
Have
ok (rtoro
I. awn'
Thorpf)i,i
Thurt'day
Friday
latrar
J4..nd-ir
Taeatlay
We read ay
Tauray
F iay
atHHay
Tc-fd"'
Wedn-tday
Thu-t-ay
Flit ay
Safr r'ay
U
id
ia
Vj
:i
:;t
Li
VI
:j
ui
t
A;'t
TBraT
V-;ti.s.Uy '
Tar- 'tlx Collect rs ffill ais ultrn'! sr.J s'l
1 ac an cppirtaui:r f pt tug ik'ir Stnt id
Count Tax at. " K. II. IlUtll tShtuf.
jie
27th IHi-l dtf
CLAIMS
OF BKCSArrin GFna:K6ASDS07iBIF.S.S
Wntroi, N. G , dar- 2ft;h. 14.
rililK i; DF.r.HMM.H HAS Ut.V.S APPOI.V
L td a cinfi4i nT to iaTSititt-. e- '.! t a'1
f ae otor t tha pa tii- etit!"d the:-et. a!l c'iii
lot bvantt, arrearages ol pae, tui allo.vin e ei tar
toth r?piesMatmirct of dCPaid oI-ir and
fMiri s 'r:n lhr? Jrtat'.
The part i-c eaiit!d are : flrrt the w'w mf tl ?
'os ad. it' anv; ii' tbr5 b no wid wf th::,
cfncly, ih fhiM or i-hi'di ec. it" herb- t!k,if
tlij-i b? iifitlier wider or children t'mn, lbo
t h .' lata"!-; if tl:i r hi nritJ-r widn.T, end
" trii-n o'r llmr thn. fourth!, the ra..r r r! tb
drcessed. and incie.ault '.f tli't tfin, ti.'thly, th?
txerutor or ainini?rretor ti lh 1c5ea.-.ed.
Ih-! tlaireaat or t!aifrao ran-, fm nich ti. her
ir t b -i a!T:s.vit, an '. ihatof oi." j;.-i!t-rri1 wi'.
iis a to tbe r. lation. htp, arid in ad c.. wni :
tk c!ai;at re rot ihe widow, th aMfSt i ii l
i:gaii?e the ezisleur e of a claimant or claimanta
ot a higher order. Ihe Justice of tlie l'ari-. b
f..re w!io: the a'ialaTit i uh'rb;d, must teiti
f to tbe credibility of trie vitne., ed tha 1 bik
et tbe Cuunty t;iu:t most ceilily. ufcier ike a-ai
f th-' Court, that he is a J tilth Vol' th-.- Prat.-.
1 1 the rlaimaet or rlaimtat be a cuilU or chd
of tbe decasH, at. el he, she or thav b n inot,
clsim nno't be pio;urde0 by -i kr or theii
f aariiiaa. anu the (act of his bvii-g guaieua mult
fce certihfd to, uier fcl of th Coutty Cu:t
Cierk.
Wbr-ii the laiu ia mailt by aa txrcn'or or
avlminittrator, the fact ol tho r-xecutura'.o or a 1
n.iniaii atoisbtp uust br ce"rtifid to, ucdci a-.al by
tti (!:anry CrtCl'k.
.4 cf tlH pajitrt ohou'd It tht rf'i;Vife.
ii.r ctcu eel ly interested iit t im. ;:: d,
ud .'u apt'licalioc tn me, -:th a;t j r fot a ol
rai; rt ia full ; acd a cpy of whi .t., tor the yrrat
er c'.nveni'earo of iaitie, tr.il b fo:wejaf(i ta
.-ai'.ri e;a? be jiracticab e to each Couetr Court
Cltk.
Tbi oomi?i''in i ir.teodel tn fjcilitaV tli?
oUeclioe ot tkc.j claim j, aad aift the ciaimua'a
li espeeae.
P: ti-s Inten ated iy materially aid i-ie ir. the
iav-.ftiation ,l their cuiuit, if a: the tira of f.r.
raiding thir pa rt to ir.i, tbuv will infom :r
i ;hc date of :ht death of the deceased, wWm- h
Ciel. was killrd, hethr rr not they or any one
fr tb-ni. hare recfieed the per .nil flf'-ctt wh'ch
d-CMtsd havl with him at ihe tim of hi e2h,
ad .vbethr or wt the aec'aaed (if a aii-7orni.ii-anjT.ril
rtic!r or private,) had ever r-ciTsl tb-J
Stat' bouatr.
It it rry .eaiaLle that all clainii iht'i'd b-!.--trani'd
at is earl a day aa way e pi &cti ab.' .
Ik oa-, girt the cla'ttant' O-.f arsd
C.uitv in fail. J.N'O'. A SJANLV,
jane 27 Jlt-ST If A wit C-;Uogiti-ar.
for theTousemmun JT
T tht Unldxrrt aud Vi'4ten$ (vtra) If itiei
nV.v(; RVi.X STilO.NGLT SUIC1TEO
hr aaay of th leaieg citizvu ' V.'::
n ar.Ki K iccochr, I taka tkn lu-tl Va i aa-j-jr.re
inyaelf as a candidate to rpnii'-at y w in
tl.--H-a-t .if Cvu.rnoD -f the ttxt L i):u-. I
tv.ra aud reifd amoog yo, and . Iit-r ty-
-It thit lur-yatt aad j reseat coara- of I if ao4
pabTie teutlaeeati are aomewhat kco to -;
aaa koo!J (tnor ae with yuur oeuMeat ,
bv tlrctiag me one of roar repn-feetatif a. ay
fttiro cnadect akall be ia accordance with any
pa-1 u cfetsiviii and actiowa. I leel a0-ep iatreai
ia ur atrugglo for ind pj?leoce, aud k-a'tilT
endura tbe neasarea that tare oeea adopted fo
it ACConn?ihaieat. Beliviag that oar roirrt ap
rtuat.- bv pare aod patriotic anutives, I am ia
fa Tor o" coa?taLtlr uiaoifc-rtlng to tbeui ear high
apto-icia ioo of th i labora, aad chijtjt.jj a-i
fjfa'rir.e th-ii vf.e! Wti ia.' aba a!l vi'lli
the'o:. anti teek t nixif ; tkine ou cinai-'e oi
th' O iu? -t" 'tr and patriotism. 1 aio in !rn: .,'
uki.fr ap! j.i ovii.ni for tSe .m 'i-m ..".'l
i;r U.uiliH?. b'liri-.. ",t a I igh uh'ie .'uty
to ;.rovi be aait r.t-? ..i;ti:t. !.. - -. v , t-
aarv we.:.t. art tv t-lii thai
jiittV (.' n.i W a v
-iiu:m i It oki all car ar,'J ausi! otiiv.'-it T
thvir a:'urt aud comfort.
LAUjpf D Pai;V!':.
"VTiliun, !f . Jaao 3, 104. j a-lli .'i