Ml 1 1
a. : a .
n 11
' i
WEDNESiHY, OCTOBER 5, l$Ci.
Ihaoge -of Term.
Vh as J after the 1st f October, tbe auUi iptiun
rfo: to th Covf.ehatb will be fed follows :
Fwr the Daily, n mosth, $ g
" " " three months, li
" '' six months, s
" Tri Weekly, three months, 10
" , " six months, U
" Wek.v, six months, 19
n iab&criptoria t.- either Daily, Tri-Weekly
or We-kly received for a longer time' than dx
monras.
Vre sinocrnly rogrjtthe 'necessity that com
pels us to make this increase, cf price in our
several issues ; and should not report to i',
were it not imperatively necessary, iu order to
enable us to sustain onr publication?.
Fur weeks and months past, we have ben
endc-av-iing to effect a reduction in the prce
of the prime reces&aries of Jife, knowing that
this accomplished, the prices of labor aod of
material for carrying on thf virion pursuits
of life woald also be correspondingly reduced,
and the necessity for advance in mechanical
and other pursuits would be obvbtd. With
a ;,'crre hope that 'h wouTd be accomp'ish
od, we have delayed an advvnea in onr prices
after the publishers in other parts of this
State, and all through the South, have in
rreal theirs. But we regret to say that our
fond hopes in this respect hare not been re
alized prices go up instead of coming down
and ire cannot do otherwise than go up, or
ye fown altogether.
A it it, these prices are greatly below the
r.dvasce we bare to pay 01 former prices.
They aTe only from six to eijht times as much
as Publishers charged before the war, while
everything we use, ia the way of provisions,
and materials for printing, are from twenty
to ono hundred times as much. Flour could
then be had for $5, $6 and $8 per barrel
no v.- we have to pay from $160 to $200 an
.idrarve of twenty and thirty price ! Corn
M?al was fifty cents per bashel now it is 29
ud ?-33 an advance of from fifty to sixty
pries : and so of all articles of living and
wearing apparel.
Taper to print on, then cost vn ten cents
per pound now it is $ and $2.25; printing
ink bears abest the same disproportion, and
all other articles used in publishing, and the
prire W3 have to pay our hand. Then a
bushel of meal would pay for a daily paper
cue monthnow it will pay for it x and
wren months. Then a pound tf bacon would
py for oar daily ere week, now it will pay
l.r n-nr six weeks. .And so of evn thing.
So cur advance is far behind the pr'e of any
ther article that can U bought.
Thk situation of affairs !uks gAia brighter
fw our sid. We have had, since the fall cf
Atlanta, a series of these reverses, which are the
lot yt ail who engage ia wr. After a succession
of important adtantages, ruaniag: throagh the
weTI have expected ,mt reverie. If they
l'-u-e teeb serious, theru is mere Uemand for
furtitudd in beariag them, and dteriatien to
j'reveat their cntiauance.
Oe;i. Early, after nu-t masterly retreat,
I'd rurnifd under heavy difficultica before a
mirnt-rous force well supplied with fieah acd
disciplined cavalry, has reacted a piut of
Jety at or near Port Republic ou the Sheuan
djuh, whence he ean proceed to Staunton, or
Lol l i:r.wnsGap, orpuss through to Char!.;ttcs
ac, crdo other thing- as circumsticces may
fuj.ist. If we have lot some gun?, we havo
r nj'ir oil heavy trains ani nvr fupplies.
it" w have to mourn the less of valuuble oflicers
i-ti 1 man, we have nia.!e the enemy suffer in
lter prcportion.
Altogether, the mat? -caeit cf the valley
l -mir liga by Gen. Ear'y is most T-:d iraMe to
V'. ekill as a comma cder. ArA t ud his
tru-.p.3 deserve the gratitude of their count jy
ei;e.t that porticn cf tbs cavalry Tvbr', mmcg
at tLejD'ip of a corn stnlk, sereud dis-niay and
rcnf.isi:n in their route. Thece ought to be
rvi foot; ucle?3 it i ascertained that tb?y
cnxx. i run faster that way than nr. horse b?ck.
Taeirs be the shame nnd eorrew cf th rr.;;'hp
waich b efell their brethren.
IVrrest is heard fro-n, and, a ever, his re
p:t brin-s joy aud pladness. I Uwinp strut k
a S : .w at Athens, Alabama, to the tuue t.f
?, "OO prisoners, he in easy reach cf the
.ahville ard Chattauo9ga railroad, and we
i; v expect to hear, when lie is d-jre with it,
t:.a: ttic destruction is complete.
Wheeler reports the destruction of 1:5
:i. .os of railroad, the capture !' many prim
er.'. r, and the reinforcement of bis command
by the accession ot tR'o thousand Tenre5ce
afs. If ShcriJiau litis nl iiu'.rJe Atlapta
abundant in supplier, his position is ticklish
in the extreme. A Sew days will iuetily uur
i; pe?, or set them at rest.
It Adveitiscmenl ut '1 uckcr. Auoreftf V
(-'., of an important Auction iu Mo::-
.'.iv. Thcto wisLin to make investments
v.M attracted by tiio sale oi Wake Ctunty
ilonds. Ihe list of articles embraces a iaro
and valuable variety.
Also see advertisement of Pu'oiic Sale cf
C. tten at Lexington, on the 4th of October.
A Confederate v ficer, direct from Cvv
iUt irtus the War Department, that it i
erroi that tLe er.emy iu any foroe .are in Cul
pf-.er. A small party of cavalry, on a u
..uiioisunce, cned at Wwlfoid's, tut 1.0
infantry.
It is retorted that the blockade steamer,
City of Petersburg and Old Dominion, were
captured last wek on their parage out from
Wilrningt- a to Halifax. W do cot vcuch
lor the report. Confederate.
We are gUd to ay the report ULfouud
cd. Btli v ! mvc f.f-lv .-tivc? at Hali
fax y
THE
i r v v.i t lb IV L i i
Oi'R army in Georgia has ioca driven cut of
AtUnn, -iud the enemy occupy tht important
p'j?it'ou and in gathering supplies there fer a
i further icrcad. The cause of eur failure to
ho! t AthtDta is conceded, we believe, to be, that
uur artay it o small. North Carolin is re
i fretented In that army by two regiments.
ClfMiera! Lee has beea frced into his on
rachmeots around Petersburg, and is kept
there by a largely superior force under the
! immediate direction of Grant, and is unable to
j do an act decidedly offensive because his num
! bers art too few.
i LRrly Las beep pushed back from the banks of
j the Potomac, ha3 suffered severely and sustain
! ed heavy losses of guas and mea solely be-
cause the enemy largely outnumber hitn. The
latest yaukeo accounts say that yankee Sheri
dan is pnrsuiag him towards Stanton, while a
b&vy farce ef cavalry, artillery and infantry
have appeared near Culpeper and were said to
be advancing on Qordonsvilleand Charlettsville.
It is known to be a part of Grant's programme
to rlank Gen. Lee at Lynchburg and on the
DiBvTHe read, and thus forca the evacuation ef
Kichmond and Petersburg, as the only mode by
which Gen. Lee can he driven out.
The draft at the North is progressing quietly,
and fifty five thousand of reinforcements have
reached Grant within the past ten days.
With these facts already known to the public,
it is a patent fact, that " our army needs re
inforcing." " Every one admits this." Bat is
this desirable end to be accomplished?
We had formed the opinion that the Legig
Iature could do much towards its accomplish
ment, and to this end we have caught up
what seems to us to be a general desire, that
the Governor should convene it in extra ses
biou. We coupled with the above reason,
others, which affect this com uunity more im
mediately, but not entirely. There are large
hospitals in this ci'y, and the arrival of sick
and wounded soldiers is constant, and their
numbers in likely to increase aa the wounded
from the late battles are distributed. There
is a great difficulty in getting fuel and fod, to
be increased as winter approaches, and liable
to further increase, because at any moment
the government demands on transportation
may become more imperative. With these
things all before our eyes, we ventured to sug
gest the substitution of a Fall session, running
into the regular session, as beneficial to the
people and more convenient to the membera
themselves. Our main reason, however, was
the commencement of some plan for the rein
forcement of our armies. One paper only, we
believe, the Charlotte Democrat, has respond
ed favorably to onr suggestion ; and aa wo
have the habit of deference in regard to public
matters, we accede to what seems to be an
opposite way of thinking to our own'upju
this question.
An article in the Conservative (its leader)
of Monday fast, has taken up a more decided
attitude of opposition to our proposal, and
has cot dealt with us quite as fairly as we had
aright to expect from ur new cotemporary,
nnd as its article is evidently by authority,
are compelled to notice it in terms of disaejt
which we would rather have avoided. It
speaks of "attempts to raie a clamor in the
army against 'he Legislature, for not doing
j what n few cf our enthusiastic people and
army officers: want done." Its iUlization of
the term enthusiastic people and army officers
seems intended to be a lling. If it be so, it
is an unfortunate one. Enthusiasm is just
j what we want. It was the chief harbinger of
I succe-ss with us in lfe61, and it is the surest
! aid to the cause that can be brought at any
time.- People who struggle for liberty are
! oiiiy s-ueeeesful when they struggle with en
thusiasm ; as the five spreads to a flame only
when the coals are blown, aud becoree ex
tinguished soonest when the breeze ceases to
fan it.
! Hat is it uf, who the Conservative insin
; nates is raising "a clamor against the Leis1
' 'ature T" A pcrt:oa of what wn have eald of
i the Legislature was derived prc-i.-elv from the
j Ctnsercatire iu these word.-: "A sere of
I yars prior to the war would not exhibit a
' tithe ss much injudicious legislation as the
' last three years would produce As the
Legislature is not excepted from this general
' remark, we considered it as applying in due
' measure, and cwa it cur ennortment the
; more readily because it came from a bonrco
i
! emitted U knotc.
I It is very far from our object to raise a
clamor against any branch of the government
with any other branch ; and it is precisely
! because we hope and believe that the present
i Legislature comes fresh from the people and
! is affected with their wishes and prepared to
: pubstiiute wiser for the injudicious past log
i iilation, that wo have proposed i;s convo-ja-(
tiou. Aud while we wou'd raise no clamor
' an-airs it, wo have no motive to oaiole it for
ours. lves. or to prejudice in its esteem any one
who is eu.-ieavoritfg to serve the cause.
W ith the ne esitus nt the .service our
ncTgnoor do-s not seem to be quite as familiar
; we would have supposed. It ?ays, implied
: !v, that the army ' does not need raw re
jcruits;" tor it evidently does not think
; -'such a cluss uf soldiers will be of avail at
this juncture." How does it propose to have
recruits otherwise than raw I If it meaj.s that
' they are to be conscripted and kept in camps
f instruction until drilled, it opposes the
' i pit ion of ail the officers of the army. Th
s&oi.er the soldier goas to the army after his
e.;i.scription, the better. The sooner he mixes
v.ith the veteran?, the more readily he lcain.x,
and he never does learn uatil he docs go. -Acd
mrc than this : the experience of every
. cfnccr who was in the campaign of Northern
! Virginia, after the seven days fights around
nk-haioud, ho was iu the Liar land cam-
paigc, at South Mountain, Sharpsburg, second
j Mai asas, Czdar Mountain, Ox Hill, kc,
w'dl suUiiu t in tie a!erti-?rj, that as a go a-
e.;-i
'.the higheit " 6raii" fought well and are
largely entitled to the honors of these suo
co csef .
Our article has been extended for the pres
ent beyond or parpone. We will to-naorraw
!ot;ce further the editorial on which we are
c. lamenting.
We rpgret to perceive in the Richmond
Dispatch of Monday, that Brigadier General
Johngton, of this State, is put down among
the killed in the Winchester battle. We
fear the report is too true.
We have seen a letter trera the Quartermas-
j ter of the Brigade to which the 2Jd . C. i
t attached, which states that Col C. C. BJack-
nali, cf that regiment, received a severe
wound in the foot and was carried to a lady's
Loose in Winchester, where, on the retiring
of our forces from that place, he, of course
fell into the hands of the enemy. The letter
At it -r- , a m. . 1
; grates teat i,oi. u.acltnall's command nau a
most important position, which they held
with persiatent valor and firmness, thereby
j savin the Brigade if not the IHvhnon. The
1 regiment retired greatly decimated and rent.
We are glad to see it stated that Col. Blaek
uall's wound, thongh a very painful oe, is
I not dangerous, and that it was not thought
j amputation would be necessary. Thbrs the
j third time that this gallant officer has Wen
weucded and fallen iuto the hands of thesn
emy. He was with kind friends, if the ene
my did not take him away, and we trust will
be seon at the head of his brave troops again.
The ball siruck him on the foot just t elow the
aukle and ranged downward.
Among the Confederate officers who arrived
in Richmond by flag of truce last week, we
notice the following from North Carolina :
Major J. McLeod Turner, 7th N C, Capt.
W. C. Ilogau. o3J, Captain W.TI. Spencer,
Partizan Kaugers, Captain 11. C. Wheeler,
21 N. C. Battallion. Lieutenant J. H; Davis,
61th X. C, E. T. Thompson, 28th, N. S affoon,
2d, J. J. Metts, 3J, J. II. Chambers, Cih, M.
W. Norfleet, 47th. Willis Whitaker, 7tb.
J. M. Bullock, for many yeais a represen
tttivefrom the county of Granville to the
State Legislature, was found dead on the old
track of the Clarkesviile Rail Road, on the
26th inst. He had gone from home on horse
back. We have not heard whether it is
thought his death was the result of foul play,
or a visitation of Providence.
Col. Basil W. Duke, the brwther-in-law
of the lamented Morgan, has b-en made a
Brigadier General.
We learn from the P,ichmond papers, that
Mr. James W. Cooke, of Greensville county,
Ya , fell from a fifth story window of the
Spottswood Hotel to the pavement, iu Rich
mond, on Saturday night, and was immedi
ately killed. He wasa man of large wealth and
distinguished charity. Mr. Cooke was son-in
law of the late John Y. Mason, and leaves a
wife aud six child ren. . ..
we are informed that there was no tight of
j any consequence at Fisher's Hill, and. that
our loss was very trifling. It ia nndjustnod-
-that the trains and supplies were brought off
safely.
I)isTiNOUinED Arrivals. Gen..' Beaure
gard, accompanied by Col. D. B Harris, Col.
A. G Rice and Col. A. Roman, of theGeneral's
statf, arrived in Charleston by special train of
the N-Ttheastern Railroad, eight o'clock Sun
dav morrdng. The Genrnl was' met at the
depot by a deputation of tdiitary oflicers and
citizens, and escorted to the residence of our
lellow-citiz"!i, Mr. Tiieo. D. Warner, whose
p-uest the Goneral will fo during his stay in
! the city. The General. ve are glad Xo state,
j is in excellent health and spirits, and ex
j presses, as he always has done, the most un
j bounded c ! lidence in our future success. He
i is very warm in his praise of "iu army in Vir-
ginia, and especially f the heroic endurance
i of that portion of it doing duty iu the trench
J befvo Petersburg.
! Wj learn that President B.tvis and General
j Beauregard had a i-mg consul taou at Barke-
viiie, v a
! ..t . i bier ixrn-i L- J-, r. uiiir r t u ui.'V. t o
oaid to have beeu highly gratifyn g. a v will
probably lead to the assignment ot (jeiieral
t Iieureiiard to the Command of the Artny of
i Tennessee.
The General will remain in our city until
further orders. C harks ton Courier.
Mr. FanioR : You will please publish the
following extract from a letter j.st received
from I t. S. W. Donnell, giving a list of the
casualties, which occurred in company C,
45th llegt. N. C. T , in the battle of the loth,
near Winchester, Va., Lieut. S. W. Donnell
commanding:
Killed David Pcrmar. Wounded ; Strt.
A. G. Causey, severe ; Isreai Rumly, sere ;
C. Ilauner, severe ; Frederic Shoffner, J. Y.
Brown. J. T. Wiight. ;
Missing Sergt. J C. Reid, Jas. Brewer,
Thos. Howerton, Wm. Permar, M. Willifims
and Jas. Marcelliat.
The Regiment was engaged from 11 oVlocr-'I
until night. It consisted of 150 men at the
c rurr.encement, and lost in killed, wonndd
aud missing 75, just half. The whole Brigade,
iGrirce's Brigad
le ) suhered severely. Captin
. Barnes, of Geu. GrtmeB gL
p c. n
Lotd- n and Li
Wttiitidcd. R C.
A friend writing to us from Roanoke Is-
lard says:
singular ahair occurred yesterday at ne
negro sett ement on this Island. An oid
gm named Jake, died night before last, atJ
yesterday evening he w s put in a rough pi
cunin, vn'cn was p.aceu a cart, and toe
' on the way the horse took fright and ran
away, upseiiing the cart and throwing the
. COS.; out, which rolled down small hill and
w is ba i!y smashed.
The mourners rushed to the spot, and were
vtis'.ly amazed to ee old Jaka slowly rising
frotii the ru t.s of his coffiu, and staring stu-
; pidiy around, and they all took wildly to
their hecs.
As ss 0:1 a5? eld Jake reooverwl his scattered
senses, he lay down upon the ground and
velied irutily fur the m-airuers to come hack.
Trey earu. at length, cautiously, one bv
one, and the old filow was carried iiome. lie
very well this morning, and dou't in
tctsd to die for om hmo vet.- -?nci'
"
I From the Richmond Examiner cf Monday.
The War Ncwi.
General Early has been forced to lenva
Fisher's Hiil, near Sir'asburg, und has fallen
bsck farther up the Valley. These facts are
announced in ofSclal deKpafches received late
n Friday night. These despatches state that
"the enemy attacked General Early late yes
terday (22d) at Fisher's Hill, and succeeded
in forcing bck the left of his line and throw
ing a force in his rear, compiling him to
abandon the position, leaviog twelve pieces
of cannon in their rear, thoarh losing but fjv
men.
8ince the receipt of the ab jve no official in
te ligexee has been received from General
Eaily. but rumor has been busy, ai d a thous
and different reports have been put abroad to
circulate their brief hour and di tn the winds.
Up to the time of writing, the most trust
worthy accounts seem to indicate that Early
is retreating towards Port Republic, on the
south bank of the south fork ot the Shenan
doah river. This is a strong pDsition, and can
be made impregnable to a direct assault if it
is decided to make a stand there. But, for
reasons unknown to us. it may be deemed ex
pedient to fall back even to Waynesboro'.
Some people seem disposed to consider the
recent events in the Valley &s irretrievable
disasters to the Confederate cauo, and in con
sequence they are in an abyss f desponden
cy. It is as easy we think to demonstrate
that affairs in the Valley, though bad, are not
as bad by many degrees as they riiisht b, a3
it is to acerunt lor the despoudrr.cy of the
people we have a!lndei to. These people
have been in this same abyss more than a
halt dozen time during the tvar after the
fall of Fort Dunelson, after the fall of New
Orleans, after the fall of Viek-iburg and our
repulse at Gettysburg, after Hunter eaptuied
Staunton and Lexington md was pressing on
Lynchburg. They are buMied iu.o loss of
hope by the confident insolence of the North
ern press, by their pans of victory and pes
itive assertions that 'now, at last, the cursed
rebellion is crushed ;' "the backbone of the
Southern Confederacy is brokcu ;" "the rebel
armies are demoralized aad. deseitir- By
thousauds;" "Lee, with a remnant of his
army, may escape i&to the hiils of North
Carolina, bnt the war is virtually over," etc.
Our papers publish all these things and much
more beside, ircluding all the florid battle
field reports of Yankee generals, and" weak
nerved folks are scared nigh out of their wits.
The only way h r them to recover their spir
its is to make use of their reason and judg
ment ; to shut their ears for a moment to the
vapourings of the New York newspapers and
Mr Stanton's war bulletins aad examine the
situation for themselves.
L t us look at tlii Valley business and see
exactly how b id it is. We shall in the intes
titration, be guided sohdy by what we know
to be facts, and shall hastily compare these
facts with the perverted and exaggerated
statements of the Yankees.
On the 13th of September, General Earl3,
with comparatively a very t-niall force, was
making a big appearance before Sheridan
north ot Winchester. Sheridan attacked him
on the Opequan creek u.jd captured fifty nim
belonging to the Eighth South Carolina regU
meut, who were on picket. Immediately
Sheridan telegraphed Stanton, " I havp cap
tured one entire regiment, officers included."
Stanton tells Dix ai;d Dix tells the whole
Yankee pres. Th-3 New York Herald's ve
racious correspondent, telegraphing about the
same affair, says: " We have captured the
entire Eighth South Carolina regiment, about
two hundred men." W- kntxc from officer
fifty.
On the 19'h of September General Early,
still with his little army kerning up :-. bold
Trent, was a-ain attacked by Si.eridan. This
time the attack was serious and jeuerai.
Thongh outnumbered four to one, onr troops
met the attack no'o'y, and actually beat
Sheridan's intanuy ho; were driving tht m
back at all points when onr c.ivalry, who
were relied upon to protect our flanks, gave
way on our right. The ei.eiuy's cavalry im
mediately assau ted the rifht of our vie-tori-our
columns. Now, these men ot Early's are
veterans, but tl ey have au ineradieabi v fixil
idea that no soldier can or should tight it be
is flanked, and though there is not the slight
est doubt that they could have driven oiT the
cavalry if they had chosen, tney did not so
choose. They said they "would not fiiiht
when they were Hacked," and began to tall
back, but they did it iu good order ad i'i
such a sullen and dangerous mood that the
Yankee? were beware of them. Whenever
the Yankees preyed, them too clseiv thy
were punifhed for their temerity, ln.thia
fi'ht General EaHy ht three thou-and men
from all causes, and three cannon. Sheridan
telegraphed Stanton tnat h had cmp etcly
romed Early and captured twtnt v-five hun
dred prisoners and five placet of cannon; an I
j that his own lot-8 was oi ly two thousand.
We do not. krow hi Joss, out from officers in
whose veracity we ha every coud ieac
who were in the battle, we haru that itcouid
ot have beeu less than doubh our own.
E.riy then fell back to Fisher's Uii!,
naturally. an immensely strong position, and
which we expeced he would hold against ad
comers. In this we have been usappoir.'ted.
The enemy forced the position, and we had to
leave it precipitately, as is shown by the
number oLcaniioti e left oehtnd. This i,
we confess, to all appearances, toe very wwrt
of this Valley campaign. Our men were not
flanked, and yet it is clear from the official
intelligence furnished us that ihey di tot
fight. We lost " twelve pieces of cannon aud
but feyv tn n ! "
We received yesterday an explanation of
the affair mo e creditable, at Ieat to our in-
i lantrv. It is said that woeu me attaeK was
i made by the enemy, our cavalry (God bless'em)
I on tt e left rau off"ar:d that General Early
; ODCe ordered a retreat, w hich wao f x-cutc.i m
i ffo0d order and without io.:s, except of the
i . i
twelve cannon.
! nu6 f.0 far the whole of the
N'allev
campaign, and what does it amount to?
j EarJy has been driven up . the Va'Vy jut as
nrl which p;s erfcat predecessor
! took just previous to the sph ndid victories
- 0 - w
c J K.vs ai,d p,,rt K,.,,ublic. Jacl
)y two armi oUe ,,riMc. fiul
hpjiviiy as L:iry is ple,ted by Sheridan. tn
,.ti..r thiff.,tpnitu to etit ou nir rjrrtai. ,ias-
sou could hope for no reinforci-ments ; Earlr r
ii is not a g iod t'niug to be driven any
where : the Yankees never thought it so the
d z n times they have beeu driven dowu the
Valley ; hut calmly aud coolly scamdug "the
situation,'' we can say with truth we see noth
ing in it calculated unduly to elorgat the
countenance or m-ikc jK'op'e lo-k boue. Tha
case is r from appearing as desperate a
when Hunter had it his own way in ttis q Jai
ler liut June.
TliE LATEST.
Pcrsun.- frw.o Sum. ton r p-rt that cn S-t-diy
and yehterday 1 e.tvy eaiiUo:..-.ding '-vas
hfard in the d'rec'ion of Hirriso-nbur. Gn.
1 r.ytr v e. terdv at 11
h'4'i re-
hd
I,, New Makftr-1,
. : . n..;min were
. ot..,..., n n I. ,i !"t Ci''. I
VKter. .: Ouiuionswerc
1 TulleS 1 1 0 11 IM ill I'uuiiw- ,
.ivhied aa to v. h.th. r he make a s.d
.t Kceafetown, or will fall farther baci to
Pu,n excitement among tho
vtizrnsef Staunton, and many are leaving.--All
the sick and wounded and Government
stores hare hn removed t a place ol ea t.
Sheridan mav tak Sraunt-m, but the cap.ure
will avail him nothing. He will hardly a
vance further this way. The Valley ha.
the beginning of the war, been a race Knd.
Shendas has reached the hither end of the
course, and if h dofg not "pull up of his own
accvrd he will be pulled np.
From Calpeper we her that there is no
enemy in that county; except the small body
r.f cava'ry who recently burnt the bridge at
Rapid Ann station.
FROM SOUTHWESTERN VIRGINIA A RAID ON
THE SALT WORKS MED1TAT1D.
We have authentic information ihat a large
force of mouuted Yankees are collected at
Pound Gap with intjut to make a raid ou the
Virginia Salt Works, Ti is force is, we pre
sume, the same that, two wteks ao, were at
I'xington. Kentucky. They number about
twelve thousand.
m.'M EAST TENNESSEE.
From the following it will ho seen we have
had a little victory in East Tennessee:
" Headous Aruv Niithebn Va.
"Hon. J A. Studon, Secretary of War :
"General Eohois reports that ou the 22d
General Yaughan attacketl ihe enemy at Blue
Springs, Tennessee, and drove them seven
mi es iuto their entrenchments at Bull's Gap,
killing and wounding several and taking some
prisoners. Our troops beh&vfd well.
(Signed) R. E. LEE."
The Lynchburg Virginian ef Saturday,
says :
A report was brought by the Orange train
last night that Early had withdrawn li
forces to New Market iu Shenaudoah county.
New Market is about midway between Staun
ton and Winchester, aud is the point where
a flankiug f .ice up the Page Valley would
strike the main Valley road. As a precau
tionary movement we think it very probable
that Early has fa! leu back to the p unt men
tioned. Oar lots in kilhd, wounded and pris
oners will certainly not exceed twenty-five
hundred men. RodeB division suffered mos,
onr loss therein being a thousand men. We
pro? al ly lot 500 prisoners iu all. The ene
my's los is estimated at between six and
eight thousand men hi; led and wounded,
The Richmond Dispatch of Monday has
the following additional items:
There were many rumors yesterday of the
movements of our army in the Valley, which
it might be imprndent to mention until con
firmed by official rports. At last accounts,
tip to yesteroay morning theenomy had reach
ed Ilarrisonirhrg. Tkis is the county seat of
Rockingham, and situated twenty-four miles
north-east of Staunton.
Ti e report that the enemy, in heavy force,
composed of infantry, attilhry and cavairy
had made their appearance ih Culpeper
county proves to Ik? an error. We can only
harn that a body ot cavalry is hovering about
there, probably for purpose of observation.
We have some few additional particulars
oi the fight near Winch',tcr on Momlav last.
The highest estimate of cur loss, from all
causes, is from t.wnty-five hundred to ihree
thwusaud; while that of the enemy is repre
sented as much heavier, we hawng used ar
till - I I . . - a 1 . -. . ......MM. ..MIM .
iiunji utMi ui-ui ii a sinnt luur. wioi icai
ettecr. ifoa.vi taL tluis.t ,
may ne tntc-ried from ti-u own accounts,
which do not generally magnify matters of
this sort Amorg our casual iit?s, not hereto
fore noted, are. ihe i'"!lwiii : Prisadier-fjen
era! J( b. ,-t n, cf Ntiih Carolina, command
in" Ivcrson's "eld biiade, killed; Colonel
Fur.k, reported mortally wounded; Lieutenant
()lonel William P Moeshy. Twenty-first
Viiiiiiiia, h.-verely wounded; Sergeant John
H. Wwrham. aetiiijx adj uteot in the Fame
rejim"f t. wounded in the knee; Major Den
nett, Fourth Virginia, wonnded; Captain
Cnarles Canptll, of Harrisonburg, killed;
Captain William B. Yancey, of R cktughiit,
severely wounded in th tnig'-1, and Ci plain
R. N. Wils-m, of Pegram's tJ, wounded.
General E;irly at;d oi.e of his aid?. Lieutenant
Colonel Mann Page, had their horses shut
und. r them
llci'qrs Army ortherii fa.,)
OllDXAXCE OFFICE,
Jclv 26, J
BRIGADIER GENERAL KL'FUS RARUIN
OER, commanding Brigade of Cavalry, Army
Northern Virginia, is hereby authorized to take
possession of all cavalry arms, equipments and
accoutrements in th hands of civilians oc other
unauthorised . rsousin the State of Nrth Caro
lina, when he isaatifiod that uch armt, Af., ar
legitimately the property of th Confederate
fciatt-.. AU ai ms, 4e., dropped by onr troops or
the eneuiv u tbeir Ymt of march or on battle
filrfs, r left or sold by officers or private to per
sons not in the militarv service, are the property
ot'thtt Confederate Stntes. No person iu the mili
tary terviee has a right to s-!l or otherwise uis-
pose .f arms, Ac, except when tinder the orders
aad regulations of the Ordnance Department.
Cer,. Rarringer will not delegate this authoritv
to aay one except commissioned otfcfPs of his own
command, who will be furniihid wiiij a coy of
this autli.rity, and witli instructions to furnish
receipts to parties from whotu a.rois, Ac, are
taken under its proviions.
Rv command of Gen. R. E. Lrc:
(Signed) BKISCO G. BALDWIN,
Lieut. Col. and Chief Ordnaace Ollicer,
Army Northern Virginia.
UNDER thi? authority I desire rpeciallv to
gather up Moddelian saddles. T!iee saddles
were captured from thu enemv. There caa bj no
private property ia them. Partizan rangers and
others have no right to sell them, exept to th
go'erno3eRt, which pays fixed prices for the
This briaae 18 much in need oi good a dies.
Manv of thoi?c we hare are ruining the hordes
backs. The men are n-mn: 'ar'elr an1 the ser-
V .1.. IJt .
withheld tVoU it. oftn nb.-.retfd by FoWiers. I
Kr;"',il to all patriots to come forwa
ird ard volon.
tarilr ive tlo.rn up to th- oIlicors ard mm rf this
brigade in thnr rtsprcttve localities, who will
rsceipt lor them. Those nov at home, and
rfpeciallv all en "hor-e detail, ' are required to
eath-r up the paddles, o Sharp's rifl Colt's ,
repeaters and other caralrv arm? an-i equip
ments, the propel tv ot the Confederal States,
and brin thein back into the service. Allrewon
abtc e.veii6cs incurred in this way wiif bt re paid
i'i-n:.
- I caim po right at present eithrr to eire or tn-"Oi-s
tl.se arms and equipments: bat I eonfi-
i -rj 1 1 y expect ev.-ry honet man, not in the fa-Id, i
to'ivetaen. Iney ougut to De asuatuea. in a
time like this, to be seen with them.
RUFL'S RARltlNGER, 1
ft-p IS d tw w3t Brigadier General. j
TAKE?. I P. !
VND comiuitted to the Jail of Meckl-nburg Co., !
on the 2?th of February last, a negro woman j
who sav her name, ii LUCY and belongs to Nick I
Davis of Richmond. S?id negro i about 25 years
old, very bUefc, aad rather under medium size
.Vi.f V... ."m r..t ii rl.rl ilT fi-fim l!ifVi
mond bv a man who gave
Lis na: as Uobiuaon.
She was arretfi on the cars on tae . y. .au-
or, the N. C. Kail- :
ruad. n-ar Charlotte. N . C. Ihe owner is hereby
I n.tiri..'d to cunt; f .rwtrd. prtVi proi '-i tv, pav
charges and take hei away, or she will be dealt
i with w the law direrte.
! R. H. WHITE,
, i 2l-dltiva: Sbeiirf.
rpi?T
A
o,
KKP0RTH OK Till; I'Utss ASS H'iA-litj
I
liitercitht? from ihe adb. v.
CILVlvhOTTLN VILLK, s..,,t. 2:.. j
near Port Hepublic na Man Uv rr; 3
ment between our car rv ai;J itm ur th
They caaio over tha river and Wvr. 4t
-U hi
three mileg, by our cava'ty, acroij
L
Th pnpmr'i CAvalrv nlnr,t ,
j - . w. . 'imni HO " lit t,
P. M. Monday. A foree appeared at Wtrn. .r.
about nine o'clock thin morning;, ai t w-nt ba
about one mile from town. ,Nj dao.ajf dt u.
to 4 P. If.
The inoko seen indicatei that th?v are burt.i:,
the Rail Iload track between Chriktiau'; irt...K
and Staunton. Sti fighting hi.twern ih &rmi
up to four o'clock this evening.
No serious anxiety felt heie.
SECOXn DISPATCH.
CHARLOTTL'SVILLE. Sept. 2s.Tt i
cult to get at the preciao facts aa to wLich way
both arniieB in the Vllfy hare moved. Karlv ii
following the enemy and reports that ha
attack theui to-day at Mt. Ludney. It i? reporu-d
that we whipped the eneniy on yesterday at
Wier Cave. The enetny'j cavalry ars on a ra.l
but thir whereabouts is not know a.
An Important MoYfmrnt on llano1.
RICHMOND, September J7. Tht Kvonis?
Whig says, we kave infurraatian of oe ,f
most important mvenient9 f the war. just ma,l
by Hood'j iuij. Oat uf abmadant caatioa
refrain from statins; to-day what it if, bat few
hour will make it known tn the public aai tU
enemy to th latter, we trust, with crashing
effect.
From Richmond.
RICHMOND, Sept. 27 Passes ger by the
Cebtral train tn-oijrk-t reiterate the report re
ceived last night that Early has repulsed the at
tack ef the enemy in the vicinity of Port Repablir.
Nothing official or defiaita from the Valley t
day.
It is believed that the force reported to have
beea tepuls'U by Early id Torbett's Cavalry,
which Sheridan sent in pursuit of the retreating
Con t'td to atrs.
Latest from I be Tallfy.
RICHMOND, S-pt. 26. Private letters from
Staunton of the 2ith, report that Karl v chnnivd
the enemy severely at New Market, driving Lim
two miles.
The following1 has just been received :
HEADQUARTERS, Sept. 2G. (Jen. Early re
ports that the enemy advanced against hitn on
the 24th, at New Market, when he fell back to
Port Republic. On the 26th ihv euemy adrance'l
towards Harrisonburg, his cavalry having pro
bably parsed that r lace.
rSiffned R. K. LEE.
Glorious News From Forrrst.
ATHENS, AU. Sept. 21 via IL K A. -On.
Forrest has captured the ganunn nt this pUcs,
includiug about thirteen hundred prUouers. tw w
passenger trains, tifty wagons aud about bve bun
dred homes aud manv valuable sires.
Our loss was only four or rive killed, aad abut
twenty wounded.
Our troops are fnll ef enthusiasm and will leave
in a ftw moments ia t-earch of new victories.
From Wheeler's Command.
) .. . ..
i cami-i. dated M-Tt. Ala., tti Uil L bAI
crroveI over 12o roiled f Railroad in Hher-
man's rear : also says two thousatd Tnnisens
have joired Whvler. The people of Teunessee
ate cheerful. Crops are fine.
It will uke Sherman thirty days to repair the
damajrn the tailnotd.
tseveral bundred prinouers nod an ianmense
amuuDtof propertv were captured.
. fn. Kelly was wouud-d and l;lt in the bands
of the yankecs.
Reported Eseape of Confederate Prisoners
from Camp Chase.
MACON, Sept. 2C The Chattanooga Gaiette
of the 20th says, upon the authority of a special
dispatch to th St. Louis Republican, that th
prisoners in Camp Chan rebelled, over-powered
the guard and made their escape.
All quiet along the (teorgia lront; uo cLanga
since lat report.
For Kent,
AVERY desirable FAMILY RESIDENCE in
Everetnvil!e, wih all necensary out-bnild-ings.
Possession can be had on 15th October.
WM. II. CROW,
sep 2i eod2v Raleigh, N. C.
For Sale.
ALL tbe Machinery in a Cotton Mill, aow in
eperatioa, with capacity to. manafactare 240)
yards of eight oz. Osnabarjs per day, aad ean bo
promptly hox'd and delivered at a Railroad Sta
tion near tbi place. Apply to
ISAAC 8COTT,
?ep 19-dl5t wit Macon, Georgia.
TIIC DlXCiUASl fcCIIOOL.
OAKS, ORANGE CO., N. C.
ROOM fora TEW GOOD BOTH. For terms,
ddreM,
W. J. BINGHAM k SONS,
sep 2l-dtoctlO-w4t.
lT6 RTBf CAROLI S A, ) Con r roflcinTtlr '
lUurAt Cocstr. J Kali Term 1864.
Sasan W. Jenkins, by next friend, Ac,
v
Micajah J. T. Alston, aed wif MartkaC. and
others.
' nil IS is a bill to appoint a Truatet in pdaco of
1 John Eaulcoa, dereaaed, far the parpAse
adrnttifteriag certain trusts declar-d in a mar
riage settlenaent betweeathe plaintiff and bar but
band, Tboiaaa W. Jenkins; and it appearing to
the satisfacitou of the Co it t that th defendants,
Micajah J. T. AlHon and his wife, Martka E , are
non-re identg of North Carolina, they are hereby
not i tied to appear at the next Co art of c.qmty to
j . . A . ,, .. .. .. ' . .
tbe oart-Ha, im Halifax town, en i'mo 4th
Mondav after tbe 4th Monday f Scpternfier, ISM,
thou and there to j.)ead, answer or den-.nr to rii
liV h. .-rril A;r tv
, aNDMEW CO MG LAND. C. M. E.
At O.Tr. in Halifax town, Scpti 9, li.
sep 14-ow
10,0M PIECES
JrST RECEIVED, which will bt sent to any
address on reception of oar catalogue prioes.
We have now become the sole Agvnts in orth
Carolina for Geo. Dunn A Co., of Richmoa , who
arpthe LARGEST aud FINEST Mn-icTubiishers
ia the South.
All orders to them, from this Stat will te fcll?
One half olf to the trade.
Apply for Catalogues of Mode, Cooks, Ac.
BRANSON A FARRAR,
Raleigh, N. C.
September 7:h. 1SC1. w tf
JUKI) A X MOM HL1),
RALEIGH, N. C.
GROCER AND COMMISSION MERCHANT,
CONTINUES tocarrv on the Commisi?n buii-
I .
nees on Hargett Street. All consignments of
rilldnce ar.d other sroods received and
j .... . ..iai att,nt;,.n ff;Teil to the sale of flour.
WANTED TO PURCHASE WAX and TAL
LOW, iu lugij or finall qun'itic Uigfcest
-;ice? pa -1. ' Mp 2?-wlt
r