THE CONFEDERATE.
Wi?f)YFrS!)lJ-JL VK 8. 1861.
j Bat we have exhausted our space this for f
, another arti.'l
At present wc only My thisMr. Holden 'be
. ouier-day etmuired if we ould not h nrvilAi i
' A Irs." ; on to go to the army! We answered yes, in
Mr HoMeo thm!;s -.ve"Dut on airfi " when ! twentv-four hnnro if h tvM.;iaj
I J ----- f V - w V BVaitGU Vila
we express thr opinion, tha his criminal eoi- j We submit another propoait.on- We will go to
Jn.-f ili!i'it til 1 vtl11i.:tto I f r. l "iM.lrra n ,,, Lee' Uinr. if hp ilt n tn n r. r 4j U
J -' J J . - - v. ......... v-r - - " r - V " . . T V TV A A DV L V
il'ict ought-to be .submitted to a "j'ldgs and Lee's army, if he will go to Grant's, where he
' . ... .1 . r will fin a loan K.i mv. Uv L. -J Y -1 i
n u.ilit.:.-f l L!IT AIROI a C11IZ'U Will) 1 ' " " i"cuniiu vnaujra uasuuue jU JVSieiCn
i .
lury.
feel that I i.i Stale Lis hoen asit'el by the
conduct of one w.o kuew better md ought to
hive acted (litYenUy, in herb. -nor anl' integ
rity the air of a cit:zn w!d feck io colu
mn wih all govl and r-ppctable men' the
in -rtifi-iti in of s-iug the fair narns of North
';ir'ina damaged by On unworthy conduct
4 I a public man, from whom better things
w-re to hare been rxntcd. Wo have the
nu '.Ido of a proper, j'tst aod natural indig
nation, against a man whosa se'fish and mis
chievous conduct prohmgs the war heeps tho
enemy in continued occupation or our home,
v-tiM a;d his further a Irance, and who is ad
iiKitcil and re,giiizid hy tho enemy to b
ili'ir friend andady of whom we hare been
frvod, reluetantly and a'ptiiiat iir previous
feeling, to think that he is at best "vith the
enemies of his country, and would avad hioi
.".f the rir-t safe opp?r.uui'y 1) mak j that
at hy effective.
for nine inontbe paet.
Another thing: if we cannot get either pro
position accepted, and we ohouM ever be oblige A
to go as oonript, we vpn to take Mr. Hoi Jen
with us. WV--We mean to take him Governor
or no Gorernor. Mark our prediction, " as he j
eaid to Jlr. II iiaptou we mean, if we he t j
go. to ue an rirueot with him, that will in
duce him to go with us. And what a reception
ice would meet with GOVERNOR Holden a8 a
conipanioai Uarey never made a grewter shew
wheu ht taiued the wihlVst horse !
Ycirs Troin Belotr
Onr Kiust-'O carrespoudent informs uh. llet I
it courier ra. :he i that place otj the 1st inKt... I
hearing a dispatch ta heaqurrer, which'
reprceu(ed the enemy s advancing in some J
furce in the liiecti.n of - Li(a6tunr4 DapUu
county. They were Keen hyour scon fg on the
Wliite 3 k r.jad, at Yuang's crossing, in
bHwwiiuj; b'w ine news mis mornjn
lu the days when Mr. Holdeti a-iuirently j tho -i , ,u af; . , 1
r patuumrn p,HaaiiiKaid plMn.lenn- in Onslow 'county
f a simi'ar indigu-itiu. W'.vm e mid of
.lr. NathanieJ IJoyden, Lhit he v:r an " ab -liii
y:ii.-t and a tory," it v.is becaiue Mr. 11 y
dca v.ited with GidJin a tho Mexicm war.
Wijfi; he denounced Cul. McLd, Kv. Jo.sse
A hms and Ashley Smlera, of Jh.nst.-i, as
traitors and owls, it was b v-iuse they pruptju--d
Ligjtiatiom for peace." Tha diff-;reu3
hei-.veen ourself aud Air. It .Lien is, that for
the reasons 1x3 p iv-, iiis denunciations were
Our iniUtary are after them
Oie hundred and twenty-two Yankees, were
fcUlei and wounded, (Go killed deud and 67
wounded) at Bachelor's creek, nine Guiles thhi
ide ef Ncwbern, (at the enemy's out post) on
Friday Ust. caused hy the accidental explonion
offmir torpedoes that the Yankees had pre
pared for Neuse river at Spring Garden, ten
miles above Newbern.
It appears that the Yankees were moving the I
Th Conen native, allca that we hav? don
Mr. Nit B4.yden and Mr. K.J. Warren "-rL
is tr.justice. " in Faying that their views and
Mr. Holden's were identical. When either of
liene geidferre i make t' e complaint for them
selves, then , we may W-in to ihiufc we may
jiave done them injustice.'
Th CoHweatic nsks m what evidence we
'have that Mnars. Bnyden and Warren's views
.are identical with Mr. Hidden's. Vie rp?r
we hive no evidence to ihe contrary, ami
-ranch of a correlative character in the aflirma
tive. They 6petfc the arnie language they
blow tho s i me horn, ami eat out of the samn
i?p-on. Mr. Holden cmjplimenU them, and
notices with erpressed sitisfaeti ,n tht- speech
of Mr Boydeji on the nuMificaMon " bill, of
which he Uthe father, which Mr. Holden nays
Tie " will hare the pleasure of laying before
3iis readers at a early dav." Of course Mr.
Boyden has promised to furnish it all written
-out for hU friend ami political associate, Mr.
nlolden. He fiad previously published Mr
V aircn r proteit "with the greatest pleasure
If they are not. all thrpe Messrs. Holden,
35 ijden and Warren of the same brood, iheu
ve are no judge of duck- puddle ducks
especially. Wc advi.-e the Conservative to say
of them as the fellow said of his sweet-hear
who had jilted him- 44 D d drot 'cm let cm
i
w1-
eflhrt t obtain rn'a'-e i the vrinr
. " r '"-an exactly : he or at U t ixrt im
t!;e the wind ,..t. f r.;t. .f. ..ik
-- --- . iuii-i .'i ll(r tN-IIV
Iuff:lne, ' there is no reed if any oJa
"i i-u-.icai MigcsTifa at ail tli 'JJ'fZiZ ng
pay even the sham of an ettort. hucb tte
letter, to g. t some wly else to make an effort
to obtain peace 'his it seems is oetiteo to
give hira the capital he needs amongst those
htahly intelligent citizens whom he has chnr
actenzerl alMjve. " who sometimes forget the
jictnal Mtti4tton'v
N'w. M-ho he flies ig: oramu ? 'I hev
are not in th army crtniny. Th rIU;n
of Niirth Camli-.a do- not "forget t'ie actual. j
Mtuation." t .r it pnsses upon th7m vr'th too l
.-tern a r-ality ev ry dav. We do b, hW !
that Mr. Vance Iib'-! his St.at wrl,i. i. rrT.- i
j it to be andershiod that such a pur. pir-t!e ff j
rh
i-vni i'iM.vwii; we u. imr r-rar.j i
by re.sov of its leeal application is medFul !
to him in carrying his electi .n befoj the '
ptopV, op in drving up the 'Purees , f dis !
cntent"' he ia:ks of. We have mr. .some i
tensibte mu jrom H rth Carohns. and we i
feel almost ?ure that they will not he well !
pleased. to hour of their Gvernor Jibblino- at
all in these "sources of liscoijtent "
For the rst. the renlv of rl. Procl.lt.f i
I Governor Vance must Iw allowed to b c..n- I
elusive, straightforward and thorough. If
there were anything h-nest iu the wholo out-'
cry about "N.otiutioti f .r P aec." thia letter j
w uld silence it fur the remainder of tlie war.
rr;-' t e l e gkaphi c .
From the Wilmington Journal.
"Gen. Braxton Vragg."
Wo confess that wo wore not litto
prised, and slill more p.ined to find in the
liichmond Enqvireof the 27th ult., an eh
horate article of a column and a quarterin
iciiiu, uevoiea . to Diner, and, we think, ill
J MM I
d unfounded though with reference j'torpedoes from the rail road cars to the Com
to Mr. Iljyden, wr f ar, not ujiai..jlied. On
Mr. Holden's part these w-re " air.- put ou"
r- ::v of the " btnest art.-" hecjruesseil to bo i;i
t-if ha'it or pra -r:ici.ix ; among wtiich is that
of aini.-iua id .s'u:idrin r tb character of his
feil w-ci'izc:n for party piirpo-js." liut
wirh us, thesfi arc aics. liii.juosti.Miably ; but
th-;y are airs that Mr. I Mi dr not and
Ci)i..t breathe the air? of an b jnest but sor-J
ro.vful indigf nti n against dement and crime.
We rep -at ur opioiio, that the Court it .use
is the proper place to try Mr. Hoidoa'ts claiuis
before .? jary, the proper trib iul to hear his de
ffctice. if any of kU friend; io lucvi lis to ayi-ur
in his behalf, we shall only b obliged to do whaj
w have often heretofore b-?en ccnipslled by pro
fessional duty to d.i--d.'!'ead k. very bad ca-io ;
""1 t r a we can see, we bhould bo obliged
ta roly fr the eicipe ot uur client upon tecliui.
caiities which h-ive eft?u served the purpose of
o .leaders to emd the dtfniaa Is of justice. We
.r-... ..v ku-o ruq cars to me LiGUi , - . A, . .. . . -
missary building at Bachelor's creek (with the I P f th,S Tho frm the
nor wi-.li Mr Iioldeu fur a client. We have !
not bit;g since orT-reJ biin lii-c)uut l of a disiu-tn-vttvl
neqitaftitanCO, who wished hiru no id,
en I won''-! have f-ived him fr-nn much exposure f
and -ji-gr.,c If he live.- lung ei.oig!j t- repent, spi'i' V.' f.r my prc, I hive no c-iuiilat.'; j
Hpprcmic now a man may possess j a-. i.'ti.i. no v ..i i, i su ill ' vote lor
oth-T quM'ities than those of selfish I V.tuce."-
view of takiug them to the river) and ia at- !
tempting to put the fourth oue into the house,
the cp of the torpedo came in contact with i
some soiid substance, and exploded, tearing the
building into fr igrimuta and. causing the ex-
plosion of the three inside the house killing i
and wounding both in and out of the buildic. I
The explosion is said to have been terrific. It
swas disti x'Jy heard for thirty miles arouad. j
Lr. We.ls, one of the most consummate villin !
in the Yankee service (frjrn all aecouats.) wfcs j
amongst the killed.
Ttlghmaa, the tory, who broke jail thore 1
about two wjeks ao, h;u takeu refuge iu he
yi-nee vig.varu at XeVocrn. He appeared
to the enemy's pick.'ts at Il'ep tully, ou
last Thursday, repres mtiu himself as a de
serter from the S mtiier t r.ay. Tilghraan is
ab nit tilty seven yars of a 5 ; he never was
in our se rvice.
Our corn spoil Jout says " Mr H -l ien's !
trien-as nav ? Jf;)in very iiso- .dent of late 1
ai:l h ive siveu up tlr?-contest lor (i.ivcrn r j
ti ;v. Va cc's trie d arnar to U) i hi"h i
The Peace Movement.
The following prece of good-humored ironv t
.. . . . . t
worn tne Uictimond Examiner. It shows un in
jl pleasant sort of wsy the futilitv of th nr.
, , rm- i '"i.fciu; utvjiru-iu oiner, ano, we until; i -
tended neaoe nmvrntfl anrl a . I ti.t rn , ' ' '
.u.igugueism u;hsuib oi fc'iuoiuct r wnose name beads
of Mr. Holden and his agitators io their attempt- tni? rtide,3 as it doey that of Ihe Enquirer, to
incr to make thn mnn! UaV,m u which reference is made.
9 i r-- t-uan iijey can rn. , ,
procure some sort of a peac-; which explains in r 1 osten"b, SWUtid for this assanlt upon
manner not offensive to G v and ht. V m i ! time-this r.nowa!
. K J . wlol7- vate and his of old complaints and raking up of old griev
Innds why hnd to create a seae.e huhhnh anees. is found in fhi f ,ot u.
io. i ne wuoie tiling is well treated and dig- I ' v&tore it to increase the pay of the
vreuerai comnianuifig the armies in Richmond,
so as to make it equal, it is supposed, to that
of cenerals commanding armips ;?i Kn.i,
n.. i 1 1 " . .. . ' 7 . -
rtuj rale, lumaKe it mmcieut t meet his daily
expenses al the seat of government
It is hardly worth while i.i i!o n.
allude to this, however, since the reader a he
progresses ith the
V, . j .v is rni
cuauma vu aiscover me rrai cause of this other
wise qnaccountanle attack on Gem. Baor
Gen. Bra?t: has laid, or i.-- snnnoitMl t.. w70
i Li. - i . .
fui, ms omciai nan ' upon to Virginia Gen
erais, Pirkett and Li
ho has been gu;lty of i-PCocn?zina the nicri
.t w ' ---- -
oi a jorm Utwlma Genera! FT k IT,..
... , , - 'ril
wie. wcttry-tme.
Ji'W, we ar lr e to say th ii we have never
becu amongst those, who nirtirnLvi-K- a.in ir a
fin f 1 ... " I I
too far m our expression -if oi.n. siifrt f.r.ir,?,.!, .
but for aM that, we can still s'eo that, oven if
we r others do n- t admire Gen. H
... . i . . -!-r
;re not on in t account imeved from the obli
gation to do him jij.tioe, nor permittd t-
Ml lKt' aL I'l rii r m ri 1. lmm ,.H,..a1., .... i :,.
-iy icy.
Mr. Iltd ien repents his stale and unprotita-b!'-
t'a'sehood that G v. Va ice ii n t requited
M:Itie to s:ttiii h,s a: oniN. an f!ii-
o ds t!i repfAm :!ut l-?I iy-i inddeat to
Shaking of t)ie abve Yankee disaster, the i
G !dotiv' Sfiiie -Journal .a)-: '
!! di
At '.He sreuc of the tliister it i; stiid the j
Yat.k'r?, ha.-l erected a t-ili tiuer ;r bknul.iu i
the t.spfji' which a Yankee was at the ti ne p i.-.- j
t" J. Ti.e to-.ver .suddenly dis ippeirri. and ii j
t he. seiiti ik1 i t
- - - - J - I. ITi.il HJ'llIll j
ut tHt'onuaat has not heard it.
out
ceedod, except m the immediate vicinitv oi the
X JfiOaioD.
Tlu di.uercal'tc says-we have "done the
Lfiiibuiire ureat inj-istic" iu pro -ouricimr
u!is t im orti:i- Is. h tve
''n:'d th : Airetit of th ; vw E i.' nu
I . " '.4 11.
tioo luruiMiiug his acca.f.t eurre it. taoii ' The explo-ioo v.as uv-iid twenty mils, and
nli ..f his i'ivi..,v! A-?r.. h- r.... i cna'cd great -?ist:r.iatiou in the r o ris ,.i ur.
, i. I, , , ... : -CiVU-r.i. trie ion r-. i Was beaten .sind
nc.my all; a..d to any oiu who wiii h to ox- I sm wro ..T..i '
fume, it wul pi:n ny xoi.r tnt th- w iter j qiick!y made to meet the liebel.s. Such a'
"i i n n. ii it ;;-?y mntzs or tn .":itjs in !i:v ' Wi W,J" couiu-.ion is sain to nave existed
1:-. i ; and it vri-t he further s?ea. that a verv I ,U ltuc town as has never been ex-
miii! sit-n h-.is alto e.-'ner pissed throaii his
J r. Is rfl,t by virMi- of Irs nr . o-ity, he
.'-urreude-ed the ae.133', as s t as .1 cen
p'tel thrt negotiation; and ihat th-j o dv
reiM. ne tad nor K-t Mr. Wiiite to ci.n;.Vi I as a ri.iiiri.Mti.n" -net. the law n-.. -..f if
t- nufinc.o-., was, UcvMusj on full and frank ! r.-ceut sossi-m gimore eir-ctually to secure the
c e'snltA'io:;, it, wAs not thought advisable i lb n.-dt of the writ of haheo.r corpus ,-" and
sunjWt Mr. White to the a-inoyancjs wh c!i denies by implication, (it does not .-tultify
Mr. .Sanders was threatening. it.selt by ayiu so.) th it ' it is not a measure
Now, we have a few words n.'.-? to say to ! calculated to bring about a conflict between !
-Vr. HoMcu : By complete testimony he has thcOmfederate and State Govtrnnumts."
lvu proved to have abandoned his h u.id, and ! l'i;t ' the C nrcss of the 'Wederate
.'h- female members of his famiiv. to a law- I St.tes has passed a law suspending lor a dtrfD
h-s mob; and this, by his oa-.i cjafession, j ti,ne thp P"vilg:.i of the wri of habeas
p?rs-;nil sHlety. We shall not
s 1 ,r in.
ji'-ify under what title this conduct comes,
hut n is not our idea of the boldness and eour
' whis a Governor iulJ p.isss.
Ue is now ronvictetl of denying the use of
lnuuge, about which ha ;e nttstke?,
or about which bis memory cannot be. dt-ii-fip-Ujand
he has rep-ate! t!d, denial after
iiiatur retlection and deliberation This
language and the sentiments it conveys, will
crpus in other words, enacting that incase?
.speciji.Mi, the writ is to be disregarded. The
Li.gisl-.turc of North Ctmlina limine, passed
a law, for th 3 purpose of "iore ejferluaJIy'
securing tne privileges of this writ, which
ct ptions. in the State wh shall disregard the
writ, its thj law of Congress fays he may do.
Now do s not this State law -"nullify" the act
of Gmgress, if its provisions are Carrie J out ?
- J , j - ' - ----- "b uui W Li If i
now ne pr-ived on him not by one, but j -nfl would not a conflict lt was 11 the two
ni:.Iiy nut olJ 0I:e OCcasion hilt on a mnlll. GoVCmmentS be the rttOllf if tUn i..o.,hU.,
p.aity not as a mere casual couvcrsatbo, j authorities should persist ill enforcing .the
hut a settled, matured conviction and purpose. I "ilwa which they were app anted to execute?.
-vo , vw.rn tins is proved , Mr. 1 I dden , haviug j 1 ne prpoSition 's too plain for argument.
i:.v..ked an iww 0f veracity, will stand 0no the abl' conservative papers' in the
Improve! and contradicted. We shall not Stale says :
sivify the attitmh? of such a witness but t it ,;i! -lki ...... , . ' "
(,,r mind . , i r L- "uwa," ?pvna upon some decision
'"m, su.uan one is not so hedged in jof?nc Supreme Gmrt of North Carolina fto '
'!: truth, a; to h,. a to . 1 i ""cct oathe 13th itist. whrtr.f.r in.-;..iL I
H.nMiivo of an honest peonle 4 tweeri the Confederate and Stale authorities
Mr. Holdonis-nutt nl w- avo,,,e'1- T,'is and tho law of
to ib. hi putting ou airs, 10 addition , CVnpress suspending the kubeo rpus writ
ir.eoM ni.s which he has worn for a long ?are directly in conflict, and the Gurt must
?, until their odor is not as swjet as a rose I dJQl1Se oueor tli0 her to be uncoiiLstitutional.
II 4 :i!r.n,lit i . ,. . . "I
-.W...V ..oagines nim.-eit to be Governor !
Mr. livis thinks, no doubt, that. t k. ,:
lenced Governor Vance and the BnfFnlnoc
who cry out for negotiating a peace," by civillv
avi.iMi ous mm lqhi ne nas already tried three
ways of entering upon something like a negoii
afioa : firt, bv C)mmissionera to WA.timrtAn
wb would not be received ; second, by a letter
iroiuAtr. uavis niraseit to Liincoln, which re-
min unanswered; third, by the effort of Vice
President Stephens to go to Washington, which
was defeated by Mr. Stephens being ordered
xac from fortress Monroe. The President,
we say, appears to think he has puzzled the
o"tTa'ir i worm Carolina by re-caUincr these
i;i-o, asm uy requesting 111 in again as he be
fore re(ueed him through Senator Dortch. to
ye goon enougn ro pnt a lew suegestions in writ
ing, 44 as to the method ot openiug negotiations.
any as to me terms which you Z. Vance!
Tij'.ivj.t ub ouereu to xne enemy.
I ne 1'resulent is mistaken if he. tbinfeo
lias reduced Mr. Vance to silenre so very easi
ly. No such thing. We will not mhj the
Oov. rnor of a great btate cornered in this sort
ot way ; and tg to make him a suggestion.
lucre is a roftoJ we have found it in" the
'rse. of our hisf.-riral reading whreh he
c-m sr.i'd promise a,d ure. to the co 1 fusion of
the lV-sid.-nt; as thus: When Kin- Edward
th Third's army w.is before Gahis. a L?n
cbj's is now hefiire Kiciim-md, ;.nd the gnrr'.
.-on iv.is sore be.sit..wo mid, in Sir John
Froissan s Chronicle, that King Kdward. like
L'ncohi, whs exee hn!y absolute in his d4
n.;t.il I of Unronditinal Submissiou : -Tiin
thinking s :d h" cWould. n4re otherwise, but
that they .should yield them up simply to his
pleasure." But afterwards, on the. interces
si in of Sir Gauirior L) ; Manny, be vouchsafed
o 'oiriK of a nutlioi ot -Motifttion: . "T-here-forc,
Sir GruiItieT Do Manny, ye shall go and
eay to the capilayne as it ware Mr. Davir-j
that all ihecrace th it be shall iiod.how in nm
is, that they let six: of the chief burgesses of
the to-vn come cu;, bare-headed, liarefooted
and lare l.ggjd, and in then shirts, with hal
ters ub,uv Uieir necks, with the kers of tne
town aotl eas -el! in tlu ir hands, and let them
yield themselves imrelv to mv wiil- and ih
residue I will take to mercy ' And when
the six chief burgesses had offered themselves,
and were duly accoutred, tin? Cnrotacler pro
ceeds: '-AVheu Sir Gaultier ui r..oir of
Govei nor Vance J presented these burgesses to
the kin;:, they kneeled down ami held up thnir
hands, and said, genf'cking, behold h. re. thi-5
keys ot the town ami of the custeil, anrl y
suhini' ourselves clwiilv to your will and
pleasure, to save the rr.si,hie of the people- of
Ca lays, who have suffered great paiu. Sire,
we beseech your grace to have mercy and pity
or. us, throuirh v nr biizii : r, of ! 'P.,
all tiic earisanr! bar -ns, and others who were
there, wept for pity."
Now what could he more simple, (and will not
the President look confused when Mr. Vance
proposes so obviou&a method? ") what more
natural, than thst a choice delegation of Con
federates, say the President himself, and all his
ministers and the governors of each Coofederata
State, should ave Mr. Lincoln the trouble of
even suggesting the plan, but just go at once in
thru- shins and halters, and so buy for the rest
uopmiuu nixi peace i
It M.l,tf
gruff, and
ior trie iiangman to strin? thpm all n hr u:-
eyes ; but the peeping' of the earls and barotig
touched him much perhaps Chaee and Stanton
and the other peers and paladins might wash
out our offences too with their tender tears;
and besides, we read that The Queen fas it
might be Mrs. Lincoln being then great with
child, kneeled down, and sore weeping, said
" oh gentle sire, " &c. So they were pardoned!
together with all the inhabitants; and the
Chronicler recounts in the next chapter how
King Edward turned nil the inhabitants out of
their houses, and re-peopled Calais with English
men. 0
. . - .- -r H Iff''
tn S -.IDC ! ira miv . 1 . t
LlilMC li mt 1 nti a. I tTZ- . 1 f
pleas nt and w. rihy -eutieme;: who fAil tn :
get up Jc tjm- r j
we now ronar ,
U, that General Brseg U n.6touHti nf OMIt
fj".t there is, or ought 10 be. reason in .I
things, canon whMi t?. article in tV ft,
p-ofthe 2o wuawlv vioht
that wf hae frit ( l4o. 0n dfxntt.
nine and spaca to a ufit5a?S?rt.:ons ami
remark, nf our,, fco-wr thfy may apjr j .
as brve pr.nkl, R-n..n!d bare the 1
feruWv to th- weightofa fevh, f1 the
mi8i-r 1 jeal msip? which will H.,foH,rt, v ,
spnmj u between St whos deinv U
one and whose peril i one. Stir-ly Virginia
has th galaxy of b-iglu names to W larvu'l
of. that she of all the S ales iu the C .,.!t,..r
acy can l-st fc,x 10 be lvo ir.iy ,,r. '
dn-es. SurHvbrr s occivpv o ninf,T "0
yery many high p scions in the public r i
Jiee. that grumbling coin. with an illraee 1
framanvof hr orns ..f -puM r . ,
tcn. Br-ijrsr, we admit. ha been unrortu- !
n!e; ifhaviog to tail back before overwhelm- !
ing odds s.-, c!a.id'- but sj was the nobh-1
Virginian. A'.lrrl Sitmey J .hnMon nd i i
that other n.-bh- Vi..v'da s.ddhr. .T.isenk K w
Johni.. The latter hx fanen tiak and
back, and bark. JImI Bragg been iocinmand
in. IVfrrhern G"4trffia, nwd ih.-io r. .1
j K .Tohusion hauone, th re w..uld' hnv lieen
I "OHO lim.ll. moverx-il hnirl " K l
rtgtit. and wc agree.
Gu. Bragg, we must think, is alai unfortu
nate iu his temperament. There mast have
been mething ro .re than mere tbriiitous
ciicumstaneescaustn'gh"imtodiaer4e wir and
censuw nearly all hissulx.rdmes in lh- M .
Uib usefulness certamlv wa i.nnairl by thi
and he was not withdrawn an litr too soon!
But let him have what credit is due to him as
a brave man, a systemizer and a disciplinarian
and et him n.t be charged with faults, if they
be faults, of which he is not suiltv.
President Davis ord-red tln-V..rfb fnn.i;nn
campaUn, whether.it was m.idlinH ..r I
as charged by theo,tVer, and he "persisted
m kmpiufr the tr04.ps there until about the 3d
of Mnv. when he ordered them to hf nt
Petersburg;. That campaign had to yield to
ouui-H proving ucmands to Virginia, but
it was notdew.hl f glorious resists, althoini
the Enquirer does snceringlv r.-l'er to the
twihttiog of "the little str that shells its
ralunce from Plymouth."
REPORTS Oh rtlK ffttis ASSOC! K TIOT
.
r Ttntt n.t tig- utwarii was 'n 'first Very
lO0ktd UOoIl th4 foliv ".!
shoulders.
We have no wish m fan tlu- fiime rf jeah-usy
betwn'S.Titli Carolina and Yirgiuia. which
the Enquirer has shown ltseif .so reidv to
enkinrth and revive, utid shall l;i-fore sa
little Mbouf its favorite gen- rals, Pickett and
who, no 0 01 it, are clver gentleirrr. .
and brave so?diet-s even if the latf-T is a-nn.'l
to ciry hi . wnztb in his hair, and to lay ru.,rr
ttt ess up.m wh t is on than "what is in his
head.
The Enpihsr says that " Barton Ml from a
jire iu the rear," iu the midst of his glory, &c.t
Sic.
Peihaos so,- bu. if .xo. " nu "
which tb Enmiirer, in this same ni tie!-. n.olr.. i
its criterion .t mrit. migbt easily be quoted 1
sayiug that thi must have happened beCaui he
did not get near eu.ugh the enemy at Nehern
to get a fire in the front." A military court,
we helicve, has passed upon this, and we there
fore i-is'L.ver it. We merely tillnde to it r.H
of deference to the Enptirer'n standard of merir. j
The Enquirer, sptakn g of G; n. Vicfc-.tt saw ' 1
' Pickttt, that hero of Getiystvijg. thnt f.iotari- j
c enmpanion ot McHecabtand Ney, " etc. The '
Eftirer is speaking cf a Virginia General. i,d '
we kwow it is serious, buf WCJ e not fj -ls ,jje j
cisc were it &peaking of a North Cr..Iit.a
Geiifral we houU suspect if of tiie bitter st
irony. But as we see that no irony is ii'Maied,
WC must snppose that the Enanirtr A ar-tnnll I
think th-i t McDonald and Ni v
tnguisfced fax personal bravery, that common
quality of a aoliiei."
We wi;l u-it deny to the Enquirer's frieqds,
Generals Pickett jnid Bu ton, :my merits titat
may tic dnirard for rhfrn. but since the Enqriirer
has ehos'ti to claim and set up "public opinion "
in aud out of the army, as the criterion of the
merits of General Blags a North .Carolina
man itcaunot fan iy object if others- apply the
same tet to those whom he. lias offended, and
claim that they ha measured by the came rule,
eveu if they h.uld iinpptij tb tif .ViigiuUns.
Why did th ? tirrit Nwbrn ftkpeditio.i fail ?
VVhn .lil CI n Ii ...... rtl trt. '
did Gen. -Pickett -order: . a nasty retTea.t to Kin
tton, learinjir t3ren.t Martm, Who had carried
everything east of the town , to take care of
hinisdf :ia hflafc I.iJ ..nt.) ? .
Win; orli tiro li'ici.i r r t I
1 ..... - ? 1 tit-iauirrg ;
'Public opinion," outside of the army at
least, would Uk; to know; "
The Enquirer says: "While Barten and
Pickett fell, lb ke res.-." ''One general Dro-
moted, two relieved' "Again adopting ihe-
From the Richmond Exnminvr, June 2.
TH. U'AR XEWS.
The people codd think. of tthme else or
talk f nothimj else yesterday than ihe news
ftvirn Gen. Tree's army. There seemed 1.. lie
an impression that the great b.ttle won d e ,i ..
offj and the booming of t1P enemv's gu -s.
heard at ran early hour vest-lay, ine.r.-i d
tha public anxiety for the news, Kniums
continued to Uy throiiifh the i-itr and it
not unril Ijteia tlie eveninith' true situa ion i
of all airs became e Iv enerM!iy known.
Tnere was notion like a g.'l:,.rA fiI,t ea-
i.t ,. 'l'l. .!..... ?. " . '
five -o'clock in tin mnii g. by a rrvo:.n j.i
sauce made bv a poriion of L-e'irstrpt-i's c.,m..
of the enemy's pisiti..n a.-.ut 1 wo mio s i.m '
Shady G-..vr Gmireti, o mil s to r. v t 'ht
of M'c' oae il -. t prin ipa' fi,'rulZ '
occurred jusi t is id - ,.f i.f. c.- mts 1 n- I.
hk ii t c a. St o fV.! il;lrli -ui" a f .mi
hy McC e:.! ,, :u . caiupaign of k(2. r d'
our m.-n rr so t- h iv-;- held ii?,oi:!
position .weifjnid flwu iy hi.- f. r-s TJ !
fishim-i au.Y toh - quite Mharp :i!om! . n
oVlov k. when the C u.fe I -rate tro ue! ir! i
the eueinv and ueOed.:d iu drivmj Me m I
from thi-r breastwork aud o.ptnriMg :.t;i;l !
ofel"urs. )
At H . l.tk the (1 jilting .vase!. ' nf .-Scir !
mi-huiir vv 1- kvi no i-.ii.fooi it'v il . r .
wftb t lot of Rleaawa-i dbpatcHs that oVLt
Jure boa reW tM, of FfMjj b
Weeviama enfirmiu from the Rich.
o.d Ppera, much fotlor a.,, ,fcm tbf ,e Ci)tm
patches eonti.
con6rni .the owspapr report, of tke l.nChfP
and other doiare d..n. to i;,,,,,, f,nr if fh
bstfte. of TkarMar nd K.id.y Usi.-f. Ck-
fKOSHATt.
OflcUl Clspaffirrrom Utn. Ur.
ci ' Amt X . Va.,
r. J mi (
Ahoot h-ilfpiist four a m. U-H,r.lhe n,v
imidn an ,t, nnn nr riht on lino, fr,.n, r
Itf'keV. p,rf f HrcekinrMy. MD!., -l,jCM
rrpui without difil-ultv. !!,,. Puvdrd in
pen4tr,ailljI,h- flt,jent iB nrCfknri,,se.t Un,.
ca,luroJ- rHkrtin of lltaH..n tWe r.M.
F.neganV brig.ljiaacivh,, Maryland lUtt,lin im
mediately drov the enemy out, with Trr
Kr.-acd attack m.-m mad upon Ander.uV )Ni.
tion. rhierr aTaint hb right under K.i .ha-f
Tber were mt w ifh grea jteadine and repnUed
pwt insUnc omier Karly with like r.-ult.
Later io the day a-Mtaltt. wre twice icdcui-W
gainst Jietb'e who occapit d rley' left, but re.
I ulsed with loss.
Hamptoa eoriMraterrii the enomj's cavalry acar
Ilowes bopa, aud a part of W. II. F. Lae'a di
vision choro thorn fj.a tWir tntreoebmrnu.
Our V day rmaJI. Oar rucee?e, Mnder He
bh iuiof of Uod, all we could expeet.
R. K. Lik.
Sceand Oflclal Dispatch.
KlCUMOJIp, Juoc S.
Head Qimutem, 4tb, 8 30, p. w.
Vrory HW . ba?t tight, alter tny dWpatch,
II. eckinridge aud Finrgan were attacked by the
enemy a they were preparing to re-iatabtih their
fkirmish line. The enemy were aoon rfpaUcit.
Immediatc-ly afterwards aa attack wai aiad. ui..Q
Heke'g front. wih lik r.alt. l.'p to piavni
" wt iling nothing hit oceui red shmg the lines t.
hy, except kirmif;-i' g at variou p. hit 5. Tho
i..-ition of artillery ubr.aHtiallv unclnncefl
S-'gn-U it. e (Jen-r4l.
Prom Wen. .Johnston's Army.
Nkw IIoik, 2 p. in., rVf Uuikm, Jniu
Skirmishing eoi'tin'od during last night ind up
to the prtareut writli.g, between the cnem t't ?b.tip
tcii anil ours, with unni artillery fiKhtinj.
Tho en -my rf.-.iit iu imerering fu" tti-..r4n
tar of ..lotion, bm -o t ir hive U-n pi..ni(tlr
Dalian w;t. .-iro'Mt"nv tlvet'B-tuv vtt' id4r,
who left our wi uiuh-d and prfcKiiirrK behind. Tho
iioiv .Hieiit .s.-es.. K ui hare been made La-lily.
sCfo.Mi tIATl-H.
Aliavn, dune i.
Th; i-ovi-ntitt of t he eoeiuj towai o I'tow.ih
rir. i generally ace-i.trd here a un indication
hi rrir,,Mifcwt of th- 4oii toAtlunt' .oie.
n:: ut.
I h. 4iik - h sii.i;' h coiioucricunirnt of the
rolv vjee I'.oui .h ittno c. if climated in r.e.l.
i-v'nnHl ciicb- h' .-.0 OdO k:ll d uml ni.nrdcd an I
I.; On'i in .ei' k, 'uixrhi aiol jn i-ti, !.
F'l-iK'.n- from h hi l their tin.-, rvpo I that t ! i
li::v been no trit ut Kin.tn or ievt-fal
Frarc is all c at. n cut and tin-t untrr i-t ipj d
of .-vt-ry pii tiel-.r of l. 1
i n. (I. V. Smith 1 t been untninmuiily t-b rt.
eti Major C rmal. t cie.innand the nenria lJe
r.- tri.' ps. i.v. ibo-.vn i. 1 ng d is
Vniat.
-. . 1 1 . '
day, pv-n ij.tpvoi, rn:r 'nrht. .A --i
.-1. lf't t.A t'... I t.l t .
" -.-101- "-"ii ui i -or ncioi.-i; yniarn
.-v-i..nj, t-id us thiit 4 verv rltinjj f,,
hour ha.-i ptocrr.-ssed lav rably fr.r t)Mt w. j
had repui-d .ihe neiny in every advmce, and j
-.ur afn.y whs in splendid trim and srit.
So tar a vo aro advii the dav eaded . ii j
for i:s. - "
i here w: ,s t ojoor la-t w-nin, jht wr.il..
Ihi. ti'J t was 11
mov'.jl on tjjf extreme f i r. ! 1 e
in:i on a p. rn.-n of .ur annv i
arid bnik p P4.
.Will.. 4 . 1. -v.. ..... 1 . . ,1 i I ' i I
- 1 iiiv t.f u.tl IH"H : ne RTt." IJ.U-I' -
cutiing tdl Glint's coinmii.m a io- wTth it
but we, have I'ai'eii to get at y. eontiimatiou of
the report. -
" ' - The e?-omy were reb rday .at Ashland.
TK KIUlITiNU DURlxo TH K M ..TU tF JI W.
The mouth l May, whieh i..i.s just iJ.
mil lit le juMly teroil -bj.iody M iy.' The
terriolo aol unpref-ei ntcd cirnave in Vj--.
irinia, fic rgU, anil oilier p r?i-in.s f)f t!i - (Jon.
fed.-r-jcy whe,e the opp..sing ariiib.i hac
met. wii-jld seem 1 ttve u' tiiat doMu't.a ti.-,o.
A iHend, who 1ms take.n ibe mub!e t make
a roii.rK cVtimatc of the killed in battle since
the fift of May, has given us lha lieurflt of
hi ealcuhttion
Iu Virgiui.i;...;Yirkes, 30,000 !
; t irtrta !t j, ' 1 0 .00040 000
iu ucorgia iank es. 12K)0
" " Omb-derates, 6,000 17 OVfi
in the V)'et.. Vantc-r?; 0,000
' V ......Confederates, 4,000 13 flua l j
t
and m the height of his fancy n'ust as Wamh,
hen he fancied himself lo be Aethelstane) he
audn to an exposure of feimselt which LaJ al.
ready become complete, this other folly "WE
Ze him notice, that if the war should be in
I;ressn the 1st of January, 1865, and he
yl be a conscript, as he wag when Gov.
t ance saved him from service by not reqtiirl
n : him to settle his accounts, we shall not fa
ir n "bHd him fro'n ankce bullets."
'H ni;t intofera-WK Gov. Huldco-
Jft'cH b:iu l.m rankee bullets."
Gov. Vance will speak it
Gmcord, Wednesday, June 8th,
Davidson Col lege, Thursday. June 0th,
Dallas, Friday, June 10th,
Lincoln ton, Saturday, Juno 11th,
Shelby, Monday, June 13th.
Rutherfordion, Tuesday, 14th,
Hendejsonville, Thursday, June 16ih,
Asheville. Friday, June 17th,
Jlaiiun, Monday, June 20th,
Morgantnn, Tuesday, June 21st,
Lenoir, Wednesday, June 221.
The friends will please provide a convey
ance at the points, where the Governor leaves
the railroad, for two persons.
This hint is modestly offered for the Gover
nor's next letter.
Atter all, 1 here is another view which may
be t3ken of lhi wbnfn
rious, and in North Cafohna almost a solemu
iew. -Tho fact is, that an election approach
es ; and a more violent and following "Buf
falue" than Ur. Vance, who seeks io be Gev
crn or, is preissiog bfoi hard by Working upon
the more ignorant and stupid ol the people;
and promising them 'peace on some terms;''
so Mr. Vance is forced fa order to take the
Wind out of the rnr of iKot mnci
- Buffaloed to affect to be 1 Buffahc himso& J
Alan, kni a i;.i ..ilij - n . -w . 4
how very moderately - be expresses himself to
bis letter, and bow he, oven gently intimates
that his procedure is only a concession to a
senseless clamor. We sbouM tbns, he aays,
convince the humblest of our citiaeos, Who
. romeumea. forget the actual situation." And
gam, "Though statesmen may. regard this
offer of negotiation as useless the people
will not." And he ends with remarking that
he has no anziraaeiofi m mL- almit
method or teiuw of said nejotiatious "The
lotiri ijlel m May, : : : 7ir,CH)
Ijth a tmiea bar; suffered soverely in the
loss o. ..in ers. in Virginia al .i,e, smco the
comrue'ic6n'nt of the long fight with Grant,
we have lost nineteen Uehcral.Wseven killed.
Tfn irnniXlMI anillWA n.mln..ul T'T.
MOttiw criterion of "public opini.M,." iuhj of the killed are Smart. Jenkins. Stafford.
irT that "opin- 1 Jnen, Junus Daniel, Gordon, of North Oaro-
ns, liuo wit iiciujihuj loa-K wneatltT !iit "in.m
ion" d(jes uot award to Geri. Hvke the palm
of superiority r7eT those whom it naui?s in
this connection ? Not even i he Enquirer
S'ate prejudice, we tliink, will refuse t Hoke
j 1 - . .
mhj preponuerauce in acincvenient, nor hesi
tate to admit that one good general, a-veritable
young "Ney" or "Mcp'jaald," ia worth
several less able or efiacicntoammaudera, even
though the Utter Tshouhl be favorites of that
paper, cut nowever tlie Mnqmrer may fea
S4u, "pablic opiuiouT will bo iechle. wiWre" all
arc known,, and their merit nave been recent
ly tested. . -. ' ' , ,
' The Enquirer should know that ihe t'iifttlc.J
mean. i?dilm?r rumiiaiffn aF..i.i MmtI.!
. c o 1 o" iivniviu,
whieh thai paper charges upon Gen. Bragg,
Was planned by Gen; Hoke long before Gen.
Bragg was placed on duty fa Kiel) mood, and
would have - been succofully.nuishecl loog
before - Bekhvr reacted Rr
had us favorite Gens. Barton and Pickett,
none iaeir uuty. or iiad tlieir places been
611ed by Hofcu. 55uch.is "pnUic opfaion."--The
President's rcnuted enr , Ati.Mi
F Pickett for this failare U caea to fixrau
If one, neither a West Pointer nor a ttatro
politao joureaiisi, may be allowed to vaoture
an opinion, tho opinion we would advance
would be that "discipline" is equally impor
tant with "orgaoiaatioa," and while we accord
to General Cooper aji that is claimed for him
lica. and Psrrm. of South Cirr:n ' Ti.
captured afeGeucral Edward Johns n and
n -.i .itrn...
wsochi v aiKer.
The Yankee loss in fienenl it Annallv
large as ours. The New York Ueruld itself
-S .a.. a. 4 a h . -
aumiis tne ujiiowmg less: Killed: Mai ir
i1 f t va ... . . . . -
uonerai dsoies n. Wa la worth, Major General
Sedswick, Brigadier General Haync, Gfoeral
Webb, General Taylor, Bailey. Wounded :
General Joh. T. Owens, :nco dead,) Gene
ral T. G; Stevet son, General James C. Rice,
(dead,) G-uoral Getty, General Talbott,
woutidnd in howeU, Genera) Rjbinsoo, iuJe;.
Captured : (ieteral Srymour, General S baler,
General Noil and General llockman. lie.
capitulation': Killed, 5: wpunded, G : captui
ed, 4. Total, 15. .
llfFAKTRV TACTtCSFoa THE EVOLDTIOMS Of
A aBlOAJDB AMD - OOBPO D'akMEB, BY BBIO
'DU1 OEH. SILAS CASET, U. 0. A
The preiaca. to this book, from Gen. Jordan,
C. S. A.sajstha publihees render an incal
tulable service to the Confederate States Army
by publishing this book.
It u a neat littlt book, of convenient size for
the pocket, full of map. It is published io
Columbia, 8. C, by Evans & Cogswell.
Pries five dollar, one-third off to tho trade
prepar-
t: t: the Mate tr-i.ijn for .ae'iv . o vie .
!icn. Lnvell ha? 'tendered hi- sor rr t C, n.
.b.liiion. Ue )iaa boeii lore n 'n iu.ni tam
eei viret aiwl has 1-ift aciin fr the fronL
Iiiiim nisrrt:: 1
Sew Horn, ei'o Maiii.tta. June- .1.
The enmy are till thro4riag loi ward tnee a
un-oi .nr right. C'inderab'- artilbfv kir.ish
in nee 1 o'tlack dip. W -0. Ixbih w.is ? ry
hfcU-tl.r wounded in th thiu'a. PrisoDrtai coi.lin
ue ti ik brought in ; a-aong th-in f.t. .1. tL pj-h. ,
H- M- of the full 1 1 liri.iia r'iinent
tutiUH irATrn.)
KW JIol-E, Jmie
All 4,tii;t r uriiir tlu pa.t night. A heavy ism
hut fallen this inorninj;. Four r ino-ntt ol vn
k '.-s were iuutrH out of service t Kb.;'tn on
Thursday. The time of service ot rightctn thou.
and will expire in twentr day.
frtitu hum ten
( N'iW lloPl., June i
la the arfimi th-'.M.'on our bit, the tlt-ta '
Ws w fift'eifir hnntr.-l kiibd and wound -rj' -Sen
nor ight eunon balls pa"d through th?
hraqunrtcrs of lien. Thotnaa. Ths enemy are
f r t;ff ing st Kings tnn aod un the ririr, four initei
b;low. Tb-nr trooji? are lu-ich disheartens d, anit
ihy were told tint a:"t rr reaehin.; Alto.na the
would m et with n i furth -r oppo.itlin on their
mat ch to Atljeta- Enaru-rateJ .ueoUDt? Hf out
I'uj.s are circulated am ng thoui bjr thir orheem,
in order to cherr theu. T4 puaUhovat ihllictH
on th?iu la.t week by ritevenon and CI hiune, ia
on very ?:vere. A portion wf 17th army rorpa iioow
the way from Trans- XUninaippi to reinforce Mher
man.' U has reached Van Uureo, Ala. AH trin
qail hare. The weather cool and riny.
Front HfW lerlf Kreraoiit oialna(fd.
KioHMONDfc June 4.
The Xew York Timet of the lt, korataa Butler
for the failure of the caropilg n on the Swath-aide.
It admit a signal defeat at Drnry'a Btaff, end at
tributes 'the fall ore to Butler' udaajanagerocat.
TbaHidical Republican Convention at Cleveland,
oisiotted Fremont for President and John Coch
rane of New York, Vice Preaideat. Lincoln
name wai mentioned only in dei iaion. .
From flew Orleans.
Cumoji, La., Jnne3,vwtSsrsnaab,Juae4.
On Friday night last, as appears from .New
Orloaoa papers ol Saturday, ten teambWj were
kurnadai ihe Nw Orleans leree. Th- oawt are
-the Black !Uwk the Better Tixaea aadTVeDHl
.LeeasdFswavNehruka- BdU, Creole, New Or'
leaaa, Satpire Pariah, and a stoata barge. Oca
explosion of rhel! occmrred on the Fawn. Ertry
talng en board of the steamers was lost. The :
Nebraska was a Yankee trabtpor U The 'teay nn
and Camrimr JVaacat have been suppressed.
Cotifedfrace Coesreti.
Kicvmosd; Jane 4.
The Keaate parted the Hoaae btH, exUnuTaj un
til 1st Janaary the privilege of funding old car
reoey toteyal citizens within the eoeay'i liaea.
A uotian Ut reconsider was entered. Also passed
rfeaate-tCl to retira and drop field or ooaapaay
officers of tha army in certain cases. 1 1 re con
sidered the Uoase currency bill, and again passed
it by by assaall majority. Uoaae procevdiags unimportant.
1