THE CONFEDERATE.
WKDXKBUAY. May 11, 1S64.
president's bessagk. , .
Tthe Servile and Howe of Representatives of
v the Con federal States of America:
" Yon are assembled under circumstances f t
deep interest to your country ; and it rs fr-
Miuto that, coining as you do, newly elected
b h pVf ple, and familiar with the condition
I cali tics, you will be the better
uUUs U tivise measures adapted to meet the
want of the public service, without imposing
nnnert'ssiry burthens on the citizen. The
brief ieri)d which has elapsed sinco the last
3iij Mirument of Congrea hag ut afforded
M-.fficiont opportunity to test th efficacy of the
most important laws .then enacted, nor have .
th events occurring in the interval been such
inrUeiiuUy to cLuuge the state of tb conn
try. Th unjust war commenced against tw, i;
vioi;iti. n of the rights of the Jbta.co, a d in
usurpation f power not delegated to tl.eti v.
rnriH"tt of the United State, is s Hl rharac
teiized by the barbarism vHth which it ha
heretofore been uiifl'icfed by the entuy.
A'd men, helpless women and children,
appeal in vain t Ue humanity which. ahuM
be in p;. red by their C"nlitiv, for immunity
from arrest, incarceration or h mifchment from
their huiP8. Plunder and.':evas(atiun of the
prp"i ly "t non-combatant, de-tructiou of
t.rivat" dwellinjirs and even of edifices dwo'cd
io Utt woibhip of (iud, expctiillobs oraniz d
f r thy o!e purpoaa of sacklrp; titiis, ron
sijfiii, them to the flrtrars, killing toe uu
arTmd inhabitants and inflicting horrible or,t-r;-t!i
on women and children, are somp of the
coNstaiitly recurring atrocities of the invader. It
cannot reasonably bo preteuded that buch acts
conduce to any tud which their authurj dare
avow before the civilized world, and sooner or
lifer OrHerdom must mete out to thetn the
C'lTidrmnation which such brutality deserves.
The s'-itterins! thus ruthlessly, iniucuxl upon
tYa pM.,. of the iuvaded District hns
served but to illustrate their patriotism. En-
tire urianimity and zeal -for their country's
cause have been pre-eminently conspicticr.s
among those whose socririces have ben
greatest. So tie army, which has U rue the
trials and dangers of the war ; which has been
subjected to privatlors ai d disappointments,
(tests ofmaulv ibriitn.ie f r ii; ; severe than
the I riet i.;:iucs and x risoi iu tua! c- nibat,)
h.is been the Centre of the r ft. loess ;md hope.
From tin e-iinp comes the v.icoot the tsol
dier p;'.tri it, invoking each '.vlia is at home,
in tho sphro hu boat may fill, to devote Ids
whole tner;us to the support of a cause, in
the sueci-s of which tlnir totifideuee has
never fal'ereil. Th- y. the veicr.ms ot mmy
n h ird-fort ;!it Hdd, tender to their country,
without limit of tune, a service uf priceless,
value to u, one which posterity wid hold ia
grateful reniembrance.
In considering the state of the country, the
reflection is naturally suggested that this is
the third Congress of the Confederate States of
America. The Provisional Government was
formed, its Congress held lour ses-bions, lived
it. appointed teno and passed away. The per
lUMunt (lovcruitieiit was then organized, its
ditfT i:t n j artiaents established, a cJougresg
elected which aln held four scssicus, served its
luii o-i.; tiintioiwd term :ind expired. You, the
s oond Conteas uuder the j eramuent Qovirn
Uitut, :ive ii..w assembled at the time and place
appoint' by law for comoienceing y.ur-ses-eioii.
Ali thee events havepasgtd into history,
notwitl)5t;uiding the threat of our prompt eub
jugafion, made three ycrs ago, by a people
that prorumc to assert a title to govern States
wlioe separate and independent sovereignty
was recognized by treaty with France and
Great Britain in the last century, aud reuiained
unquestioned fur nearly three generations.
Vet these very governments, in disregard of
duty and treaty obligations which bind them to
recognize as iudtpeudent Virginia and other
Confederate States, persist in countenancing,
by moral influence, if not aiding by unfair and
partial action, the claim set up by the Execu
tive of a foreigu Government, to exercise des
potic sway over the State thus recognized, and
treat the invasion of them by their former limi
ted and special agent, as though ifr were the
attempt of a sovereign to suppress a rebellion
against lawful authority. Ungenerous advan
tage has been taken of our present . condition,
and our rights have been violated, our vessels
of war detained in ports to which they had
. been invited by proclamations of neutrality,
Mid in one instance our flag also insulted where
the sacred right of asylum was supposed to be
secure; while one of these Governments has
contented itself by simply deprecating, by de
ferential representations, the conduct of our
enemy in the constantly recurring instances of
his couteinptuous disregard of neutral rights
and flagrant violations of public law. It may
be that foreigu Governments, like our enemies,
have mistaken our desire for peace, unreser
vedly expressed, for evidence of exhaustion,
aud have theuce inferred the probability of suc
co8s in the effort to subjugate or exterminate
the millions of human beings who, in these
States, prefer any fate to submission to their
savage assailants. I see no prospeet of an
early change in the course heretofore pursued
by these Governments ; but when this delusion
shall have been dispelled, and when our inde
pendence, by the valor and fortitude of our
people, shall have been won against all the
hostile influences combined against us, and cab
no longer be ignored by open foes or professed
neutrals, this war will have left with its proud
memories a record of many wrongs, which it
may not mis-become us to forgivc some for
which we may not properly forbear from de
manding redress. In the meantime it is enough
for us to know that every avenue of negotiation
is closed against us ; that our enemy is making
renewed and strenuous efforts for our destruc
tion, and that the sole resource tor us, as a
people secure in the justice of our cause, and
holding our liberties to be more precious than
all other earthly possessions, is to combine and
apply every available element of power for their
defence and preservation.
On the subject of the exchange of prisoners
I greatly regret to be unable to give you saU
isfactory information. The government of
the United States, while persisting in failure
1 o execute the terms of the cartel, make occa
sional deliveries of prisoners, and then sus
pend action without apparent cause. I con
fess my inability to compreheild their policy
or purpose. The prisoners held by us, in spite
of humane care, are perishing from the inev
itable effects of imprisonment and the home
sickness produced by tho hopelessness of
release from confinement. The spectacle of
their suffering augments oar longing desire
to relieve from similar trials our own brave
men, who have spent ko many, weary months
in a cruel and useless imprisonment, endured
with heroic constancy. The delivery, after
a suspension of some weeks, hag jucS been
resumed by the enemy ; but as they give no
assurance of intent to carry out the cartel, an
interruption of the exchange may recur at
any moment. -
The reports of the Departments, herewith
- submitted, are referred to for.fuirinformation
in relation to the matters appertaiuing to each.
There arc two of them on which I deem it
nectary to make special remark-
The rtpoit of the Secretary of the Trvaoury
states facts justifying the conclusion that tho
law passed at the last session for the purpose
of withdrawing from cirtKilatkra the .large
excess of Treasury notes heretoiore issue i,
had the desired effect : and that by the ii
July the amou .t in circulation will have bmi
reduced t a sum dot ext'eeamg $6uwy,wv.
It is Ix-HevtOp be of primary importance
that no further , issue of nates should tnke
place, and that the use of the credit i f the
Government should be restricted to the two.
oth.-t modes provided by Congress, vte : the
sale of bonds and the issue of certificates
bearifg interest, for the price of supplies
purchased within our limits. The law, as it
now stands, authorizes the fsMte, by.the Trea
sury, of new notes to the extent of two-thirds
of the amount received under its provisions.
The estimate of the amount funded nnder the
law, is tdiown to be $300,000,000, iMd if two
thirds of this sum be iued, we shall havo
u addition of $2OO,O00J)0Q to our circula-ti-ti.
helievcd be already ample or the bn-Hi-ffrs
of the country. The addition of this
lartie oia to the volume uf the currency
Wfuld be attended by disastrous cfiect,.aiid
would proince the speedy recurrence of
the evils from wfrich the funding law has res
cued i he country. If our arms are crowned
with the euccess wnich.we have so mucn
re;ison to hope, we may well expect that this
war cannot be prolonged beyond the current
vmt and nothing would so much returd thi
, r 0 - -
beneficent influence of peace on all the inter
ests of Our couutry, as the existence of a
great mass of currency not icdetuiable in
com. With our vast resources the circula
tfnn, if restricted ti its present volume, would
bo easily manageable, and by gradual absorp
tion in payment of public dues, would give
place to the precious metals, the ouly basis cf
a currency adapted to commerce with foreign
countries. In our present circumstances I
know ot nb mode of providing for th public
wants which would entail sacrifices so great
as a fresh iesue of treasury notes, aud I trust
that you will concur in the pr pra ty of ab
solutely forbidding any inert use o f hose no -v .
in circulation.
Officers harp been ?ppr!nrrd ad despatched
to the Trans-Mississippi Staffs. nd th-; tc
cessary measures taken for the execution f
the Uws, enacted to obviate delays in admin
istering the Treasury and ether Executive
Departments in the State; but sufficient time
has not elapsed to ascertain the results.
In relation to the most important of all
stibjicts at the present time, the 'efficiency of
our armies iu the field, it is gratifying to as
sure you that the discipline and instruction of
the troops have kept pace with the improve-'
ment in material and equipment. Yc nave
reason to congratulate ourselves on the re
sults of the legislation on this subject, and
on the increased administrative energy in the
different bureaux of the War Department,
and may not unreasonably indulge anticipa
tions of commensurate success in the ensuing
campaign.
Ti c organization of reserves is in pro
gress, and it is hoped they will be valuable
in aflording local protection, without re
quiring details and detachments from active
force.
Among the recommendations contained in
the report of the Secretary of War, yur at
tention is specially invited to those in which
legislation is suggested on the following sub
jects, viz ;
The tenure of office of the genera! officers
in the provisional army, and a proper discrim
ination in the compensation of the different
grades;
The provision required in aid of invalid
officers who have resigned in cnn"oqnence of
wounds or sickness contracted whiU in her
vice ;
The amendment of the law which deprives
officers in the field of the privilege of pir
chaMng rations, and thus adds to their embar
rassment, instead of conferring the benefit in
tended ;
The organization of the general staff of the
army, in relation to which a special message
will shortly be addressed to y ai, containing
the reasons which compelled me to withold
my approval of a bill passed by our prede
cessors at too late a period of the session to
allow time for returning it for their reconsid
eration ;
1 he necessity for an increase in the allow
ance now made for th transportation of offi
cers travelling under orders ;
The mode of providing officers for the exe- '
cution of the conscript laws ;
The means of securing greater dispatch and
more regular administration of justice in ex
amining and disposing of the records of cases
reported from the courts martial and military
courts in the army.
The recent events of the war are highly
creditable to our troops, exhibiting energy
and vigilance, combiLed with the habitual
gallantry which thy have taught us to ex
pect on all occasions. We have been cheered
by important and valuable successes in
Florida, Northern Mississippi, Western Ten
nessee and Kentucky, Western Louisiana and
Eastern North Carolina, reflecting the highest
honor on the skill and conduct of oar com
manders, and on the incomparable soldiers
whom it is their privilege to lead. A naval
attack on Mobile was so successfully repulsed
at the outer works that the attempt was
abandoned, and the nine months' siege of .
Charleston has been practically suspended,
leaving that noble city and its fortress imper
ishable monuments to the skill and fortitude of
its defenders. The armies in Northern Georgia
and in Northern Virginia still oppose, with
unshaken front, a formidable barrier to the
progress of the invader; and our generals,
armies and people are animated by cheerful
confidence.
Let us, then, while resolute in devoting all
our energies to securing the realization of the
bright auspices which encourage us, not for
get thatour humble aud most grateful thanks
are due to Him, without whose guidance and
protecting care all human efforts aro of no
avail, and to whose interposition are due the
manifold successes with which we have bceu
cheered. JEFFERSON DAVIS,
Richmond, May 2nd, 1864.
In the course of last week two broadsheets
were posted on the gates and doors of Roman
Catholic churches in Dublin. Both are sign
ed 4Sacerdos;" one is headed "Letters of his
Holiness Piue IX on the American War,"
and the other M Letters of John Mitchell,
William Smith O'Brien, John Martin, and
'Sacerdos,' on the American war." Their
object is to discourage Federal enlistment in
Ireland.
The latest Paris fashion in ladies' dress is,
for out-oi-doors, a garment cut very like a
man's great coat, fitting" close and covered
with brass buttons buttons not only for use,
but for ornament, some of them even being
stuck on the shoulders. Several ladies are to
be met in the street with this strange vest
ment, but the multiplicity of buttons, which
glare fiercely, produces au effect more strange
than agreeable.
The Battles of Pins uUth.
Weave received from ' A Participant in
the Fight," a very interesting ami particular
account, of. the-.-late battles , around and U
Plymouth, but the great press upt;j our col
umn's deprive us the picasuro of publishing it
in full, w'hich is reudcied unnecessary, how
ever, as wo have given full accounts froR
other correspondent. We are therefore com-
Delled to ne gatisnea wun tne following in-.
... 10 t . a t It
teresting extracts, containing particulars iu
embraced in other letters published. After
corroborating the accaunt hitherto published ,
by us of Gen. Hke's and Gen. Kemper's Vn.
brigade, the writer says :
Let us co. over to the enemy's left centre,
and see how the gallant RanMrn. perfprmed
his part. Here in Front of the enemy's wrks
lay au exteusive field, at nt a mile and a
quarter wide, over which ou.r troops had to
pass. This field vMs guarded by three gun
biats, two forts and one field battery ; and to
ive the devil his due, they . did their part
well. They kept the whole atmosphere, from
the ground twenty feet upwards, filled with
missiles of death, The air seamed to be one
solid mass of fire ; and yet the brave troops
under Ransom moved forward with a steady
s-en. without faheriog and without waveiiny,
till within a, quarter of a mile of the enemy's
works, when they were ordered to lie dowu.
They remained there until about 1 1 o'clock at
night, wheu they were withdrawn." Tho en
emy ceased firing about 9 o'clock, after hav
ing fired about four and a half hours.
1 have heard many officers who were in
all the fights around Richmond, at Malvern
HUi, at feharpsburg, and at Fredericksburg
ou the 13th of December, say ihat this shell
ing was by far the severest' they have ever
heard, except that at Shaipsburg. When
we take into consideration the fact that our
troops were not allowed to fire a gun them
selves, but were ported out in an open field as
UigeU lo draw the .enemy's fire, we cnaot
holw throwing up our hands in utter aston
ishment, aud exclaiming in the language of
the Vaukees alter they had surrendered:
' vJood. God, what sort of men are you ?"
ihe. conduct of tien. Hausom on that oc
casion, for gallantry, bravery and daring, has
out been and can never be excelled. I have
always been amused at those who say our
ue-iitluics are dxoq Torn tne nrst tnai nui-
Irts cannot kill us unless we are destined to
be kided bv them: and yet, in this instance,
I cannot account for Geu. Rausom's not being
killed, unless I say he was not destined to bo.
During the whole of the shelling he could be
hteu riding on horse-back to and fro, giviug
orders and cheering his men, aud unlike most
Generals, in front instead of in rear of his
brigade. What has been said of the General
will apply to hi staff, for they weitj with
him most of tho time. Great praise is duo
lo the artillery commanded by Lt. Col. James
Branch, of Petersburg. Their conduct exci
ted the admiration of all present. Colonel
Branch is a gallant officer, and stands very
high among us.
If reports are true, every one .acted well
and it niny, therefore, be unjust to men
ti"n individual c -ses which came inane
dialelv under my
own observation
but
cannot, iu juttce to ihe men theniheivs,
help u;ei:lii!ing the nances of Col. -Dearinj;,
C"l. branch and Cipl. Durham,
(ictiiig Aid to tT;n Random.) Their g Ulautry
wa sp KOn oi oy every nony,
lr. a'onid be unjust iu this connection not to
mention the 35'!i regiment, N. C Troops,
Ci-mmanded by Col. Joiics. Tiie men of the
regimtnt coud not pobfcibly have fought bet
ter than did those of the other reiiments of
the brigade, but the trying difficulties the
35th had to contend against, and the hand
son-e manner in which their Col. manoeuvred
his regiment to. overcome those diffirul ies,
deserve particular neution.
Here our con espondent gives a minute de
tail ot the action of the 35th, which is also
given by another correspondent in this paper.
Hence its umissiou here. Eos. Confederate.
I saw this Gil.. Jones, of the 35t;i, fre
quently during the tight. He kept from five
to fifteen paces in front of his regimeDt; and
nearly all the time the regiment was lying
down he stood up as erect and appeared tofce
as calm and unconcerned as though he had
beeu on drass parade. In speaking with one
of the Yankee officers about the fight, I men
tioned that Gen. Random made a demonstra
tion on his left centre on Monday night. He
looked up at me in surprise, aud said "if you
call-that a demonstration, what on earth
would you call an attack ?" Duriug this de
monstration Geu. Ransom's horse was shot
three times, and the General himself was hit
several times by fragments of shells.
Late Tuesday evening Gen. M. W. Ran
sc m was ordered or permitted (the latter, I
think,) to tike his brigade in rear of the town
by way of the Columbia road and charge it in
the rear. We reached Conaby creek, about
one mile and a half from town on. the Colum
bia road, about 9 o'clock Tuesday night.
Here we found two companies of Yankees to
dispute our passage, but they were soon dis
lodged and our column passed quietly over.
About 1 1 o'clock at night the brigade was
formed in line of battle along the Columbia
road with the right touching the river and thsV
left extending towards Conaby creek. Here
we lay on our arms all night, till day dawn.
Between the brigade and town was an
open field, one mile in width, which gradual
ly sloped from each side to the centre with
a marsh (thought to be impassable) running
through its centre from the river almost to
the middle of our line. In this field there was
scarcely a sprig of grass or a weed to retard
the motion of the missiles of death that were
whirled at ns in such profusion as to resem
ble in number hail stones in a hail storm.
The whole field looked as though it was one
blaze of fire, and it seemed impossible for a
rat to find shelter in it and yet this column
living men, led by their dauntless General,
marched right through it with a steadiness
seldom equaled and never surpassed. I
noticed the line several times, and I can safely
say that I have never, even on drill or re
views, seen a brigade keep a better line than
did Ransom's Brigade while crossing that
field. Every one who witnessed it pronounces
it to be the grandest charge on record. They
started at day "break, and before the sun rose
had charged over a field a mile wide, taken
possession of the town, and captured four forts
and one entrenched camp leaving only one
fort (Fort Williams) over which the hated
Stars and Stripes " could float. Fort Wil
liams surrendered during the morning,
It .isdue to Gen. Ransom and his gallant
Brigade, tht the public should know that all
the guns intended for the defence of Plymouth,
in front, on the flanks and n rear, were turn
oA nn Mb TtrioadA. - Tkn tntiiu rwt. nf talr-
ing Plymouth is due to Ransom's Brigade, to
Commander Cooke and to a portion of Col.
Branch's Artillery, commanded by Col. Branch
n person. Gen. Hoke with his own and
'KempcrV Brigade, was in front and did not
partidrate in he fight the day tho town W;v
stormed and carried." - v !-
Ail t he troop iry the Brigade fought ao well
that it would 6eum invidious, to makdiwlinc
lion.' but theft) are some thdiTiduai cases of
gallantry and dariug whic'i deserve U be
mentioned. Gen. Ransom and Staff, it itfid,
exposed i iiero selves rather ton rnueh. What
evil -may result from a like exposure in future,
catjuot foresee, but X aw certain it dTd no
hrrn in this ins'anee fo? none uf theui wer
" hurt and their presence certain. ly did eocwur-
.age and stimulate the njen, . 0
Ct-1. Dearing,. Lt. Col. Branch, Capts. Dur
ham aud Gee, Major Grahum. 'uf the 6Cth. an:
Lt. Applawhite, were conspicuous for gallantry
aud daring; also Lt. Col. Johnayn. 35th N. (,
T. Col. Rutlcdge with the ' stealing 26th
is suid to have acted fiooly, and rendered 3
service.
The 85th, commanded by Col, Junes, U said
to have gained great rt-nown, H was psted
in front the main Fort in rear of the town, and
ordered to charge it. 'They moved forward
with a. yell and. never hftlted till they were in
the Fort, Their Colonel led them, keeping
from six to ten paces ahead all thft time, tie
did not stop when he reached" the Fort; bu.t
wen', right in and totJ the Cotnujfv?,dinuj
officer's pistol from him while he was in 'the
Very act of firing, A yankee officer pointed
to Col. June and askod "what d . squint eyed
Colonel is that? There is no ue infighting
against him, he would charge h- itself " The
prisoners captured by the J5(th in that Fort
are variously estimated from thfeo to isix.
hundred. I think about four hundred would
be nearer, the rumber, Tue Fort has bo3U
named Fort Jones, after its capture.
A V-abticipan? istiis Fight.
s For The Confederate.
Casualties In the 56th K. C. Regiment
List of killed and wounded of the 56th
regiment N. C. T., in the battles near and in
Plymouth, N. C,on thenightof the 18th and
morning of the 20tb April, 1804.
Field ahd-Staff. killed or wounded -none.
Co. A Killed, Private Samuel Sawyer.
JWounded, Sergt Samuel Smith, io shoulder;
Corpl T G Terrell, se.verelv In both knees;
privates Wrm Garrett, severely through body,;
J C Hughes, in breast ; J H Johnson, in thigh ;
Henry Williams, in hand ; Kinaey Sitton, in
shoulder; Wm Galloss, in neck ; Wm Gilbert,
in ankle.
Co. B Wounded, 2d Lieut . B W Thorn
ton, mortally in had ; since died. Private
Wm HanTy. severely in shoulder ; Sergt L H
Hurst, on month; privates Warren Carver,
on mer.th ; John T Moore, on hand ; R II
Averitt, on breast by fragment of shell.
Co. C Wounded, Corpl J S Sawyer, on
the ear ; private Baisil Hackney, in leg: ; John
Howard, in arm ; P Pendergrast, in side ; Levi
Williams, in thigh ; John Parker, in foot.
Co. D Killed, J W Holsemback. Wound
ed, Lieut C B Wilson, in ankle ; Corpl T W
Montgomery, concussion by shell; Corpl J E
Laycock. in head ; privates J, 1$ ijiller, in
leg ; W W Redding, in hd ; L Taylor, se
verely in both legs; J W Hall, mortally in
abdomen, since died ; C Lawn, in leg ; R
Pool, in foot severely in shoulder: Jeff.
Taylor, in leg; H Wilkcrson, in leT.
Co. E Wounded, Lt J M Jacobs, in arm ;
S'rgt Samuel Harrill, in head ; Corpl Win II
'lurner. in leer ; privates II McNeil, lew am
putated , H Wheeler, in head; W H Holland,
finger; W H McBryde, in tl igh ; W II Thom
as, in knee, severely; Jas Banks, concussion
by shell.
Co. F Wounded, 1st Lict V J Palmer,
severely in thigh ; Corpl A Nolan, iu thigh ;
privates Allen Cogdale, it; heel ; Adney Coc-
I dale, in thih, severely ; Wm Chit wood in
thigh ; H M Gladden, in abdomen, mortally
Peter Price, in breast severely ; sj G Webb, id
breast severely ; J W Lindsay, iu hand ; TP
Uabimss, in side; N W Ross in breast.
Co. G Killed, Privates Thos W Nobliu,
Ossark. Wounded, privates H Allen, right
thumb off; Ellsbery Oarlan, severely in side;
Jas Hollingswvrlh, right arm broken; L M
Green, severely in shoulder; Htnry Perry,
right ihigh broken ; Leioy Smith, in thigh ;
D Kinzey, Stephen Taylor, in thigh.
To. H Wounded, 1st Lieut S R Holtorf,
in leg; privates C D Donoho, mortally, sineo
died ; T J Datwell, in hand ; Noah Fox, in
leg ; Thos Gitely, in thigh ; James Mills, in
leg ; D ivid Miller, leg amputated ; B J Pago ;
iu thioh ; Wm Thompson, severely in thigh ;
D Thompson, in ankle ; J Chisenhall, severe
ly in side. ,
Co I Killed, Private Wm Daves.
Wounded, privates T R Campbell, iu hand;
Samuel Green, in foot; H Harrill, iu thigh ;
J P Philbeck, in shoulder ; H W Pice, in
thigh ; R H Wall, in head.
Co. K Wounded, Privates John Strider,
leg amputated ; J B Sossaman, in arm ; W
Auten, on mouth.
Total Killed 5 ; siuce died of wounds 4 ;
Wounded 76 ; aggregate 85.
For the Confederate.
"Fort Jones."
This strong work is on the left of the line
of fortifications surrounding Plymouth, N. C,
and is named in honor of its captor, Col. J.
G. Jones, 35th Regiment, N. C. T. Fort
Jones is surrounded by a ditch eight feet deep,
ten feet wide and stockaded in the rear with
three heavy guns and two hundred and fifty
men. Col. Jones, at tbe head of the gallant
35th, charged and carried the Fort, on 20th
April, at the point of the bayonet. A more
gallant charge has not been made daring the
war. Col. Jones first mounted the works,
waving his sword and demanded the surrender
of the Fort, and wrested from the hands of its
commanding officer his arms. The brave
men of the 35th Regiment followed their
gallant Colonel, some crawling through the
port holes and others climbing over the high
embankment, to the utter astonishment of
tbe garrison. The commanding officer of the
Fort remarked to Col. Jones, that he and that
Regiment (35th) would charge "hell." It
was a glorious charge j the 35th left 100 brave
men lying on the field around that Fort. Well
might the commanding General say that Fort
should be called " Fort Jones." The Gen
eral said he never saw a more gallant charge.
With such officers as Col. Jones to lead our
fallant troops, subjugation is an impossbility.
'he 35th Regiment has covered itself with:
Imperishahle glory, while its gallant com
mander will ever live in tbe hearts of his
countrymen. All honor to Col. Jones and his
brave Regiment, aw etk Witness. "
Wives Beware. An army correspondent
of the Columbus .Times reports, on the auth
ority of an officer on Court Martial duty, that
nearly every ease of desertion is apologized
for by the production of appeals from soldiers'
wives to their husbands to come home. The
; ueseruuu ieainis now rigorously
inflicted, and let the ladies beware how they
j uc husband, or brother to leave the
anuy lest tbe ulood of lher kindred should be
lraced t0 lhel own bauds-
TELEGRAPHIC.
liKPOHTH OF TUB PMESS ASSOCIATION.
iajivU according to set of Conzreu in the yeai
IIG3, br J. S. Thuasheb, in the Clerk's oflict
. pf the biitrict Oourt of the Confiwbrntte Stater
,u for the Northern District of Georfta.
From the Peunlotnla mid the Vor
RlCHMOXU, Mst SL
About four thousand Yankee troops leaded at
West Poit oo Sunday afternoon, and a larger
forpe at Glaucest?r Point and Yorktown. Theso
troops constitute ttic Peninsnla army probably,
nnder command of Gen. Smith nd Will no doubV
move in this direction in a few days.
The New York UradoX the '29th, saji rein
Aircviueat r Loe from South Carolina and Geor
gia are rapidly reaching him, and that aH the
troops at Augusta had left far Rio a round. Inng
street, it say, is ascertained io be at Charlotte
vill. Ap arrival from New Orleans brings Red rirer
advices to the 19th. pteele s reported r-o hare
captured SUrevepurt. A portion of the Union
arm f had left Echore to attack the rebel portion
a.lEatpoit. The steamers still uu bw. Tbe
Union J.US3 in the several battle, is thirty.foar
hundred, -
QuRntrell is reported moving npon Kp.i.
The Yankee Sc.te hs concurred in th Honse
resolution, increasing dtuies fifty, per cnV far
si&ty days, exoit ou priming pier.
Tuu lax hill parsed the House, ou hundred ad
two to thirty, three. Vf hiekvy tit&cd fifty cents
per gallon.
.Gold closed on the 28th ult. at
confederate Congress.
KtcuMONn, Mny 3.
The Senate te-day was orenpiv.i iu thu election
bj ballot of Standing Committee. The Ctudr
men of principal Committees '.,. i On Foreign
Affairs, Burnweil; Fiaanod, Old hum j Commerce,
Bparrowj Military Affairs, Erown ; Naval Affairs.
Hill; Jndiciary
In the Houpe, Me. Chilton offered a rerolntloa
for an investigation into tbe charge of disloyalty
agaiust Wdliauuon K. W. Cobb : adopted yea
sixty-nine, nays ix. A Committee of fiv was
appointed.
Mr. Cruikshaak introduced a bill to repeal the
act suspending the writ of Habeas Corpms.'
Various- bills and resolutions . ere introduced
and appropriately roforrcd, including propositions
to increase the pay is the army one hundred per
cent., and to issue rations to officers, and pui tires
on the sine footing with the new ' currency.
Name omitted in the telegram. Lis.
From Gen. Lee's Army,
Ouaksb C. H.,May 2.
Scouts report the enemy having struck tents in
Culpeper and that tbe yankee army is moving.
No demonstration as yet in our front. It is report
ed that the enemy ismovinr both flanks. A heavy
wind storm passed over this place this evening,
upsetting a train of cars and wounding the mail
agent.
Furtlicr froft the Jforth.
Daltok, Mav 2.
Noathern dates to the 28th received. At Louis
ville on the 27th, it was believed that Lee would
not venture an offensive movement. Tbe Trib
wne'a special despatch says, the &th army corps,
now 40,o00 strong, said high quarters so tbe dis
patch reads. The President intends sending
Sickles to relieve Banks. Admirwl Mekes has
been dismissed from service. Gen. Wi'ks has
been appointed to command in the field and will
probably be assigned to Burusido's corps.
At Liverpool on the 13th, cotton advanced one
fourth to a half penny. Consols 91.
The enemy advanced a heavy forod on Tunnel
Hill this morning1, gradually driving our cavalry
back until they reached a point near Tunnel Hill,
which they shelled furiously and then withdrew
in the direction of Ringgold. Our loss twelve
killed, five wounded, including One general officer.
The cxteDt of our victory on lied river cannot
be ex ggorated. Prince rolignac was promoted
on the field. His clothe were riddled with bul
lets, lie sueceds Monton, and Wharton s uceeedf
Green.
Wirt Adams Around Vloksbnr?:.
Meridian, May 2, via Mobile, May 2.
Lieut. W. K. Wren, of Wirt Adams' cavalry,
went withiu six miles of Vicksburg recently, cap
turing and killing a number of Yankeess and
bringing away their equipments. He destroyed
two government plantations and brought off ne
groes and stock and the armament of a bunboat.
Petrel, captured by Wirt Adams, has reached
Brandon.
Trans-Mississippi advices state that the enemy
are blowing up their eunboats and transports
about the Kapids on Red river, to prevent their
falling into pur hands.
Advices beyond our lines, confirm the report of
Price whipping and routing Steele in Arkansas.
The commander of gunboat Petrel, and 25 other
Yankees, captured by Wirt Adams, arrived here
to-dav.
Evacuation of Washington N. C.
Wilmington, May 3.
The enemy evacuated Washington at 12 in., on
Sunday last. Our forces occupy the place.
X !
Prisoners on tneir Way.
Dexopous, May 3.
Thirty-nine Yankee prisoners, including the
Captain, Pilot and part of the crew of tbe gun
boat Petrel, captured by Wirt Adams' command,
passed through here te-day on their way to Ca
haba. From the Trans-MUsIssippl.
Mfbidian, May 2.
The Mississippi River is rising rapidly; the Red,
Ouachita and other rivers falling.
Gen. Morton had five bullets through bis breast;
Greene was killed by a stray shell from a gun
boat two days after tbe battle of the 9th. The
expedition was planned by Franklin. The yankees
expected to make Sbreveport their base, w here
from to enter Texas through north-eastern coun
ties. Banks was sure of finding Steele in possession
of Shreveport, and waa intensely chagrined when
informed he was not. A courier from Banks to
Steele was intercepted at Shreveport, carrying
orders for Steele to fall back as rapidly as possible;
that Banks had advanced on Shreveport expect
ing to find six thousand, but had met ninety
thousand. Natchez and Baton Rouge are crowd
ed to excess with wounded.
Active lloveoents of the Yankee Arajof
the Potomac News from the North.
RiCHxon, May 4.
Bornside's corps erossedthe Rappahannock on
Monday, with the exception of his negro brigade
which waa left at Hanaasaa.
A special dispatch to the Examiner, from Ham
ilton's Crossing, says Northern papers of the 30th
report that Grant returned to Washington and
demanded the services of McCIeilan. He refuses
to move with bis army until the demand is com
plied with. He is also urgent that Fremont be as
signed to duty.
The Pennsylvania troops, whose terms expires
In May, have notified the Government that they
will not obey orders recently issued, continuing
them in service till the first of July.
At the last accounts from Red river, the Confed
erates were marching on Grand Ecore. The Yan
kees admit a loss of four thousand. There has
been a rumpus in Lincoln's Cabinet, and it is re
ported that Chase has resigned.
Gold 180.
From Gen. Lee's Annv.
Oaanu C. H., May 4.
A body of the enemy's cavalry crossed Ely's
and Germana fords last night, and are reported this
morning moving on Chancelloraville and Freder
icksburg. The whole Yankee army is moving
from Culpeper C. H. towards Ely's and Germana
fords, over which they have thirteen pontoen
bridges, across which their infantry are reported
passing all day. Some slight skirmishing to-day,
with small arms, reported going on at these fords.
Tbe enemy withdrew their pickets on. our front
at the upper fords last night. Ample preparations
are going on to meet the enemy. The week can
lordly close without a desperate genera towage,
nicnt. Onr troops eager and confident. Grant
reported to have a very large force.
From Gen. ice's Army and the Peninsula.
RiCHnonn, IT? 4.
Information wan recM this forenoon thataforco
of Ytnkeo cavalry crossed Ely's Ford lasv night.
by advanced on the plank, road wlthln-fire
WW8 of Fredericksburg. It was probably a ro
reonnoitering expedition. During the day they
retired several miles. At twn o'clock, when tin
train left Hamilton's Crossing, a report deeml
reliable said that the Yankees were again tdvao.
clng in force.
Tda only news, from the Penlnsia U, that th
Yankee still noonpy Wtwt Pint and are repair
ing the wharf. Their pickets were thrown out
six miles.
From Gen. Johnston's Armr.
DALTO, May 4.
Fourteen privates, belonging to the 58th and
60th X. C. regimeuts, were shot to-day for deser
tion. Two were also shot for the came offence iu
Stuart's division.
The enemy hare masked the largor portion of
their army at Red Clay. Skirmishing has bpeu
going on in RinggoM and Cleveland reads, b
tweon our oavalry and the enemy's all day. Our
forces gradually retiring on tho latter road. Tha
engagement will probably commence to-morrow.
From Tangipahoa.
Mobile, April 4.
The Tangipahoa operator reports a fight at
Olive Braucb on yesterdty, between fifteen hun
dred Federals and Scott's oavaliy, eight hundred
strong. The fibt lasted eight hvnrs. The enemy
was driven across Thompson's creek. No Ins
reported. The Confederates are reinforcing. Tho
fight will probably be resumed to-day.
Confederate Congress.
Itictmoi,Mar 4.
In the Senate a resolution wag introduced, fix
ing- the day nf adjournment on tbe sixteenth int.
It was laid over.
A joint resolution of thanks to Gen. Hoke, com.
mander Cook, the officers and men for their
brilliant victory, at PI j mouth, was nnaninmously
agreed to. Also a resolution of thanks to Gn.
Finegan, officers and men, for tbe victory at
Olastee. Various propositions wero introduced
and referred.
In the Houtfe, personal explanations were mado
by the Messrs. Leach, d-.'Jining their respective
positions on the question, uf peace, habcaa cor pun
&c.
A resolution, declaring it inexpedient to put
five dollar notes on a par with the new issue, was
adopted yeas sixty-seven ; nays eight.
TIIE SOUTH VICTORIOUS !
NEW BOOKS ! NEW BOOKS ! 1
(Our Own Publications.)
Myrtle Leaves, just from the press
$2 01
J
2 00
2 H
Song3 of Love and Liberty "
Priniarv Geography 4
York's English Grammar,
First Book in Composition,
Hill's Poems, second edition,
Morven and Linda
Dixie Primer, pictorial third edition,
First Dixie Reader,
The Dixie Spelling Book in press,
Johnson's School Arithmetic In press,
The Jack Morgan Songster in pre
Elementary Spelling Hook in press.
jfeST One third off to the trade.
oo
:(
25
:.o
7S
The following Books are published at variou3
places in the Confederacy t
NOVELS.
Lady Audley's Secret,
Dicken's Last Novel,
Robert and lfarrld,
Eleanor's Victory,
Les Miscrables Fantinc,
" " Marius,
St. Dennix,
Jean Valjean;
The Bohemian,
Raids and Romance of Morgan and Men,
Field and Fireside Novelette,
The Confederate A Romantic Essay,
Silas Marner,
The Battle of the Bards
SCHOOL BOOKS.
Ilunten's Piano Forte Instructor,
Lander's Arithmctsc,
Bingham's Latin Grammar,
Primary Geography,
York's English Grammar,
First Book in Composition,
Dixie Primef; Pictorial, third edition,
First Dixie Reader,
Wesleyan Catechism So. 1,
Weeleyan Catechim, No. 2,
Capers' Catechism,
Sermon Catechism,
Biblical Catechism, by Lansdell.
MILITARY WORKS.
Gilhacb's Manual,
Army Regulations,
Evolutions of the Line,
Wheeler's Cavalry,
Napoleon's Maxims of War,
Bayonet Exercise and Skirmish Drill,
The Volunteer's Hand-book,
School of the Guides,
General Orders,
Warrvn's Surgery, bv Dr. Warren,
Volunteer's Field and Camp Book,
MISCELLANEOUS BOOKS.
5 CO
2
:t do
!0
00
to
00
00
2.1
;o
oo
00
oo
00
M
00
oo
HO
2 ()
50
75
2J
75
f0
50
7i
10 00
C 09
5 0)
7 00
1 2!
1 25
1 25
1 25
6 00
6 00
1 2S
The War and its Heroes, Illustrated, 3
Myrtle Leaves, 2
Hill's Poems, 1
Southern Model Letcr Writer, 1
Morven and Linda,
50
0(1
00
00
00
Rival Administrations,
Scriptural Views of National Trials,
Romantic Passages in 8. W. History,
The Camp Jester,
Diary of the War,
The Seige of Vicksburg,
50
00
00
2 60
75
Tbe Sunday School Bell,
The Sabbath School Wreath,
Plowing and Ditching, 1
Fun for the Camp. 1
25
LO
Campaign from Texas to Maryland, 3 00
Neeley's Discourses, 3 r0
Dr. Deems' Sermons, 2 10
The Age A New Monthly, 2 CO
Southern Literary Messenger, 2 10
Map of the Confederate States, 5 00
Bombardment of Vicksburg, Engraving, 3 60
Dr. Deems' Portrait, 1 50
Soldier Boy Songster, 1 00
Songs of Love and Liberty, 75
General Jackson's Portrait, 1 50
Bonnie Blue Flag Song Book, 50
Cotton Field Melodies, 50
Rebel Songster, 1 00
Confederate Flag Songster, 1 00
Stonewall Song Book, 1 00
N. B. Those ordering books by mail should
Bend an extra ten cents on the dollar, for po
tage. BRANSON & FARRAR,
May 4-tf Raleigh, N.
HIDES, I1IDE8. 0
HAVING OBTAINED THR SERVICES 0J
Mr. Woodward, one of the best Taantri w
the Confederate States, I am now ready and re
ceiving HIDES to Tan on Shares. I tan t"
one-half, and sell my share to owners, (excep
speculators,) at one dollar per pound, or for one
third and sell as I choose. Tanning done for
dijrent soldira' families free ef charge. X "j"
rc-tan and finish' leather ftr the government or v
dividaals on reasonable terms. Persons re4mr"J
information are teferred to the editors of
Confederate. J.'ROBT. JEFFRKS
ap X-57-dlwAw4w