I '
- 4
5
THE CONFEDERATE.
WEDNESDAY,- AUGUST U, 18G4.
What N?xt
Under our enquiry Wh.it X it?' in our '
last, wc took exvaMon to say, that the law
shi-uld at once be p it in force upon such pei
sons as held offije, ur performed functior.r,
as to whom an oath of allegiance was exacted
and wh hnd until now refused or neglected
to h-? mvitii : and h-it uIi as had sworn- al
Icgi'.nce a-.d hid vio'afsd it, ought to be trie J
a t.. I ir ti-bt t ;?;i:.:s!mont.
Ti.e:e is : htiriier crime than dish-yalty ;
nr.i.e n.ore irj.ii -us t sei?ty, aud nr.ue
meaner or i3-;rr. A patriotism is virtue-
ai:d b : .jr.il.!?, to disloyalty is vicious and
dishonorable ; for ao man obliged to be the
citizen i fa country rm h-ave it, if it drop
i. t soir birr. ; but he has no right to liv.j
under its bins, nnk? a Hviugout of it pro?
l.'c, ar:d v the privileges of its ciiiz-n-i-hip,
ar.tl.be di.doyal to its sovereignty. ILw
o i Jusig-js, thein-selves swora and paid officer.-,
reconcile it to themselves to arruig-t
and try. lesser cri'idna-;, who coniroit pe'ty
o.Ter.c as the ih on every circuit, and per
mit fii's. mjr? grevoiis . aindemeanors i j
p-i vi !;t irt.hve ?
IVi' th-ro is p.notb ?r cla-s of persons wbo
r -:ry merit lbs n-tif.vj of Grand Jurors an.l
- Ju d- .: W -mean the leaders and such men
her, as s:;:! remain v the secret Tory Asso
ciation, calling itsf.il" the "Heroes of America."'
ThU is a wider spread and more dangerous
organization tliau has yet been developed,,
and would Jiave been one e f much greater
danger if any disaster had bs fallen us in
this annpaiga.
It v.ai introduce 1 into this section, we a'o
:i!-s:r.d, by a man of note, who recti veil the
stKjgf .ti jo directly from the enmy, who are
conversant with its sij-ns, and mv-griiz; i s
tb'iatMMjs to a certain extent. The chief
ini;i.turs are, in rainy instances, preachers,
and in some instances th.y tfii.'iate as teachers
ot colore J congregation; -and many of the -tiicmbers
are men ofsuilicieut intelligence: to be
entirely aware -of the crime they have co:i;--muted.
Upon these the strength of the lay ought
to be brought to bt--r Not only the law,
but the churches should take hoick, of tWir
delinquent preachers, aud cjdrcise upon the n
a disdpiine suitable to their offence.
We are of the opinion tht every mau w ho
bi' j dne 1 this nefarious association, or encour-uj-.l
yr :tMd otisers to do no, has been jjuilty
.f ircscn, ;Vui it liable in th" courts of the
C .-nreJeratft States The overt act con-ists in
rhe jissuiujjtioo of t;b:igitions towards ihj
faeiwy as contained iu thoith the cstftblisa
li'hmen of cottiiaaicatioT with hira by cigns
iMuta-dij mid?rstooir and tha recognition of
tV.vors to be received at Lis hands. The Try
act f initiation, is a c-nsp:racy vrii'a the enemy
nainst tb" and welfare of our Govern
ment, od is 4 i t. in the ueli-titicn c.f trckson,
in so far a it is an act cf "wlhtrquce to tbe
enemy, gir'ng bin .iid and comfort.'
0 If it can h proved tlia.t this society had its
origin with the enemy, its si.ns uudtrotovd-jj
them, ;h obligations re-gar Jed as reciprocal,
then uumhershiM is the overt act of treason. "
Wc !mv been in:bru-d thai i-uch proof can b
made.
Hut if n t treason, si.di a conspiracy is a
bi'h rui&demeaimr. On exaiuination, it "is
discovered that neither ttLtler the old (jow r!:
iweut nor under that of the Confederacy, i...d
the Fctleral Courts, nor have the Confedcr lv
CtJUrts ccgnix.nce of tie fie nee of c i.s-pi j
racy against the Government, inasmuch as
these Courts havo only Cog -.dzanc f s:ata'-ti
offenews aud have r.;)t couin.: n law j:jri'jdic (i n.
It this be t the next Congress sin uld
n;o.;t earl remedy the defect ; for pochty
in iy suffer all m-mntr of evils, at-d.the Govs
crntuut be put in imminent ptril, if con -piracy
can neither be arrested nor punished by
the tribunals of the Confederacy. Hut ma
tldng is certain, such a conspiracy as ibis
secret society, is a comrt.ou law ofifeuce, ad
the subject of jurisdiction in the State. It is
to bj expected, therefore, that the rand jurors
of tbe different counties will Uke tliese nat
teisin charge, and that they will investigate
them thoroughly, to sift this o;ganizatir
discover its leaders and abettors, and by tbair
proper punrshment save society from the
disseniiuiitiou of such injurious examples.
liat there are other offences dangerous iicl
injurious, aud more difficult to deal with.
These are seditious speakings and writings.
There is' a natural and instinctive love among
froemeu for liberty of speech and of the press,
and to such length has this been carried, that
under the form of this liberty, has much
license been indulged, and great mi&cl.ief per
petrated upon society a ad pjvernmrnt. In
North Carolina this license has been and con
tinues to be of tbe extretuet character, and its
evil effects have been felt ia tho increase of w
dissatisfaction among our ptt pie ard troops,
in the desertion! rom tbe army, in the noto
rious encouragement of the enemy. Tbe
positive evil of this state of things has been
the ptolonpaticn of the war, the hindering ol
the measures of govcruaitf?, and the agitation
of the people. From this evil the State has
now a right to claih deliverance. A vast
majority bag put the seal of popular condem
nation upon this agitation ; the public senti
ment upholds the arm of govern ner.t, an.
ill suftain it in aoy just c.casures for the
suppression cf this evil.
, .... . .
iu our otxi, we w.il point out specioc in
stances of this kiod of effeuce against society,
with our own suggestion. of the remedy.
We congratulate our friend of the Salisbury
Watchman f the defeat of Mr. Nathaniel
lioyden. The people of Rowan and Davie
have very properly repudiated a mau who re
fn.std to p-v his tihe and who introduced a
Nalljucutiua bill into our Legislature.
Mobile.
The wive last night flashed the infelligence
that the enemy's fleet had passed Fort Mor
gan that Buchanan, wbo fought fn the Mer
rimac, and runk the Ccnd.erland, aud whip
ped the Congress, had encountered the seven
teen fleet of fourteen ships and three Iron
clad, with the Tennessee, Ue S-dma and the
Gaiues, ia a desperate fight; during whiih
Vh Teufeessee had surrendered, with Admiral
Kiiehanan, w :uaIcd. on "ward ; the Sehr.a had
been capturetl, and the G-unes beached nc.r
the Il(spital of Fort M( rtn End was safe,
and the enemy firing at Foit Powell t.fter
ha vieg lost a monitor ar.d a ship. AH this
denotes a determirted att.ick on Mobile. Bat
it doc not denote the capture o'" the city, by
nny manner f n:eans.
All that the fee has pecomphshed, hns Uen
at the outpost. He might liave appeared be
fort Fort Powell before evr receiving the fire
of Morgan, and tbe brave Buchanan might well
have waited within the haibor, until the e-utcr
works were imperilled, before giving the small
navy of the Confederates to the hazard of the
drad rencounter oaiust such numerical ad
vantage. Along the Bay of Mobile the for
tifications have been erected with skill ar.1
labor. Time of ampin dimension lias brn
afforded warning of sufficient meaning has
bjen siven ard the' material of labor has
been furnisbe 1. M. 'oi'e ought to.be imprtg
nable and t litre is t o nr"d for dread and
apprehension. We r. ay see on accumnlati);.
of ftrc, as at Chariest n. Ti e city m;y be
ht lied Greek fire, the fire of ah;,liih yan
kee vengear.ee, may be thrown on the homes
nf it V people women and children may be .
driven for shelter to'tbe. wot ds to live ir-tents,,
while their hearthstones are bursted by t!e
solid ot. Bar M.dnh-f will nt b-? delivere d up
and like to Charleston, lVtertd.urg aud Atlan
ta, the infuriate effrt of a malign foo.wili b
.an abort i' n. ' -
, It Fas r..t vet befa'Vn us this can.paii:r to
recout:t a s-Th.-us disaster. The prayers of oi.r
people and the valor ofour soldiers. Go i and
the in my t:i der God. have " preserved u ;
a-..d wc h ive fiith ' Be not afraid."' Though
cowards and traitors lo!'jn acd despsd,
' be nt a'raid," is altered in evcrv act, aal
breathed in .c.'ery whisper, and b-tokene!? in,
everv siijo that coaie l"r.'n the fr. n't." I he
curse L. uppermost, and the ne-w-bojn Empire
already sees the sun.
P. S. The covard!y surrender of Fort
Gaines by Colonel Anderson., was not antici
pate! when we wrote tho above, article. 13 1 t
disastrous as is tb.is act, it tlofs vol involve
ihe capture of th eity. Ti-.is Fort is not
essential to its defer cc, and Maury and his
force will yet givo a gocd account to the
couatrv
Deserters.
Si';f:f$ our ;:t?cle of yvstnlav v have
seen the rd r Iron. L;eut. Gin. Ilolnvs, if
quiring the rftr.ior Kc vts to l.e employed
ia the arresting of deeiters. This is a uovo '
in the right eiiieiQitui. l'y ail means let tlut
authoi i tii . ia North Carolina n.k any art
of the Stale -to hot for these characters'. I if
order t ilectua ly to acconir.;;h this, patrols
i rhouid bo out all fi e time, in the iidVs'ed
porins, so as to follow and kefp the ilts-eitcr
coP.'tantlv on the march Miow him no res-
! jiite from f:.t;jue, xu r snfier him to bal; ?or
I ivfrehniinit ; mak? it far more tolerable for
I
j hir.-! to be at his po.-l with the ar.xv "
i G n. rid Holmes oat; ac rupH?ii iv.ut h.aol!
Gen. Giil'iu can materi:ly aid him. ' Amou
his justices of the peace at.d n.iiitia officers,
there are ninny- men who are not,, produce rs
of food not useful ia that way, nor of 'any
use in their respective official characters. ri i;e
almfht universal sentiment is, that the.se per
sons ought to co military service. If they
cannot be conscripted, at hast let them be
employed at home. The Adjutant General
may well enrol those of them who are not
engaged in useful avocations, so ns to relieve
the Senior Reserves in tho performance of
their lahor of taking deserters.
Arwd to the descrtor we would say, why re
main in your present dishonorable attitude ?
Your position i3 one ei" increasing peril. The
last bi jw of the War is now being retried en.
If ili aie at their posi, this blowjrtaay be so
dealt as to ensure a peedy pcac?. The signs
i f peace are brighter every elay.- What will
be the condition of the deeerter when the war
is over when the true soldiers come back to
their neighborhoods ? Think you that you
will be forgiven? Not unless you redeem
the crime by hastening back to duty . If you
come irT new voluntarily, go to duty, aid the
cause, and are found among the faithful in the
day of deliverance, you will be safe. But to
all ' deserters "who determine to continuo ia
their crime, ife tell you that j oar life is .for
feited that the whole power c f the Stte will
bo brought tjibr'irpon you, that armed men
will hunt you in your hiding places, and find
you there will be no hope for you. Let de
ferter?, then, heed this warning, hasten to
surrender and return to duty, and make their
name conspicuous. Tbe cause needs every
man, and all must come;
We clip the follovritg from tbe Macon Con
federate :
What Stosem an Says In an interview
with Gen. Stoneman yesterday, he stated that
at the time of his surrender but 260 men wer
with him. Fifteen to rixteen hundred of his
troops had scattered and fled io all dirtic"is
about three hours before he gave up his
sword. He inrtber states that his officers re
ported to him that their ammunition was ex
hausted. Had tbe gallant Confederates knewn
of this they would have furnished them pow
der to enable them to figU it out, for r.iir
troops would much prefer killing ra'ders -t
takiu'r them prisoners. Stoneman savs that
of the COO men brought in, all b;:t 260 were
captuicd uficr his rurrendor Every rxly can
iako histatmibt for what it is worth.
For the legislature and Sheriff. .
Richmond. Capt. B. F. Little is elected to
the Commons, beating O. H. Dockery 5Q& votes.
Burke Senate Poe 310, Patterson 172.
Fd.ttersou elected in the district. Cotnmonfe
J. J. Erwin elected.
LixcoLN Ambrose Cotdner elected to the
Commons. -
Gston Commons W. T. Shipp.
Gaston, Lincoln and Catawba Senate,
M. S McCorkle.
Clkavelasd, Rutherford and Polk.
D-". W. T. Miller is elected to the Senate.
Sampson Seen te "W Kirby. Com
noits L. A. P well, Patrick Murphy.
Blapen, Brunswick and Cei.uiiBUs.
Senate J. W. EUis.
Pers n Senate Winsteael 393, Holeman
318. Walker 10G. Cejnmors Cunningham
G51 , Wilkerson 1 09. Sheriff Smith elected.
Gkeenx Commgrs- Best 09, Freeman
215. Speight elected Senator ft cm Greene
and Lenoir.
Maktin Senate Stubbs elected. Com
mnrs S. W. Outtejbridge elected over -Waldo
by 6 majority.
. A lk xi n dek Senn t e Bogle It-cte'd. Com
mons C:rwjn eiectecl .
Washington and I,artin J. R. Stubbs
tdocred to the Senate. M-j. S. C. Lathn
(.r.:ir.t.ns. from Washiegion. SI i iff Dur-
dr-n d(-oted. 'Wastdufon olaims to be- the
i-.i' ner coonty, havii.jr -iven' Vance 338
Hidden none ! . -
Franklin Senate W. Harris. Com
mons W. K. Ui.vis. Holden rectived enly
17 votes in the cotintv.
' Chowan. Vane; 2o0, Holden S. Ewe
elected to the Senate and Binbury to the
Commons.
.Moore. Commons, E. J. Harrington.
Poll: Harrington 559, T. W. Ritter (HoU
denit492.
M core a nd Mo?, to m ery Senator. Moore:
Dr. J. M.' Crump 515, Bright (Holder.ite)
457. Commons. Davis 25(i, Jordan 293
Sheiiff, MoAuly, 219, Lander 166, Ahdrews
91 . Lassiter 40.
Na.-h TaIn t-'ec ed tt the Senate, and
Hair's to the Commons 'he Holden candi
dates received less tbac 50 votes in the county.
Anson. Senate, Smith 554, Walkup 156.
Commons, Dargan 413, Liies 281, Craw.iy
1SS, Polk 280. Harlee 66, Baraes 150. Shenff,
Fields 434, Pope 159. .
From tUft Savannah Itepublic&r. -
Lieut. General Hardee and. his Position
In a recent correspondence of "P. W. A,"
from the Virginia t-Und point, the country has
been furnished with a history or resume of the
removal ed". General Johntou srom the Army
of To s;rc.-see, and ot affairs ge-ncraliy cu'RUfcct
ed witii th.at act of the lVtddent.
We, iu et-mmon with a iarge portion of ti e
! people tf th ccuntiy, were surprised -at the
; ttu-.e, that the command did not devedre upon
i General Hardee, a- secnd in command to
. ... ...
iji'uf i.il .i'hi)st !.; lor no soitUer l-i tne war
his a brighter record, ai d certainly no one
h..s achieved greater or' inoit; btiih'au BUccess
osiu the field, it. was rstiaige then to the
uar.ds oi many, not only in the simy, but eut
of it. :htt general Hardte v.as nt the soccesi:.
wr I General Johnston.
In the corrcspoutieuce of "P. W. A." this
ia:;tieri disciiSfced, but we Lsve ben inform
ed by ofJSceis from the Army of Tecneee,
wi'u horn wc have recently Coiivt-rsed, that
the C"1T' pencil nt does Genend Hardee great
iiijuMtice, r d it i but due to that noble rfJker
thn.t his. position, be fully d fined befor the
Coimtrv.
j T"o those who have not Keen the correspon
j deuce, we v. ill rnraition that ihe; writer ratats,
in substaoce, that General Hardee was not tf-
fertd theicomn.and is successor to General
j Johnston, bicacve; he had most positively de
j clir eo the command of the same army iu No-
Vf-ra'fo- !iis.t, when ueu. lrrgg was renvfcd,
and further states that a moeiesr, estimate of
his own abilities ?nd a wij-.a not to assume
responsibility, were the cause which impelled
him t. refuse the command, and for this rea
son the President did cot tsnder it to him a
see-nl time.
Very few persons out of the army understood
fully, nor have they appreciated tbe act of
GeusT-d Haideo in November last. It was
cfcnaiuly uv-t'a wish to'decline respmsihiiity
nor altogether a modesr estimate of lis ability
to command, which prompted bim to act as
he did. . It was something more noble, m-re
sublime,vand as a patriot soldier, his motives
si i Uhi be knowp, and should form a pa;t cf
histoty.
Alter the battle of Missionary Ridge, the
army was demoralized, and the country was
dispirited. Ueneral Hardee came from tbat
field, as trom .11 others, with llying coiors, and
on the removal of General Bragg, was offered
and urged to take the command. He weigh
ed the matter with due cor.sidcratiou, and
decided to decline; not ss W. A," states,
from any want of confidence iu himself, or a
desire to shirk lesponsibility.. These allega
tions v.e are informed, do th tried asd noble
soldier great injustice. He felt that as the army
was broken and demoralized, and the country
disptiited, it would require more than he pro
bably could bring to bear upon the fcituaiion
as a-low commander, to secure at ones the
confidence of the people, and re establish the
morals of tbe array. 'I here were two old and
tried soldiers who already possessed the un
bounded'confideice of the army and country
in the persons of both General Johnston and
General 3eaurgard, and it was tooae of tbfcae
noble chieftains that inera! Hardee, with
the modesty of true" merit and forgetting self
in the emergency of country's peril, turned
as the proper man for the place and the oc
casion. His periHinal ambitioa was secondary
to the salvatiou of his country, and this he.
could not, and would not sacrifice to the risk
of personal glory. What more noble act of
heroism could he have accomplished than
this? His judgment and foresight too were
proven by following events, for by the ap
pointment of Gen. Johnston, the army and
country too were nuickly and aiSii
I ly rcinvigcrateo, and in a short time, by the
valuable aid which he administered, together
wiu General Johnston, tbe whole prospect
became bright jnd promising.
This act of self-abnegation on the part of
Gen. Hardee ceruialy eclipsed all his deeds
of valor m tbe field, and when tbe country
comes to know and to annrtci:T the itlstorv
of the afiair 's& herein ernb -lied, it will
add nev lnfe a . De which is ii!rady
among the brightest of oar revolutien. "
KiTTBELL Springs Hospital.
Messes. Editors : A 'soldier writing t
some paper from General Hospital, No.
RaUigh, gives a cheering account of the m
terest taken in that Hospital by the ladies
Raleigh, and also speaks commendingly
the skill of those who have the said h?-pit
in charge. I bating beta an inmate of f
hospital at this place, feel under oblitta'i.v
to acknowledge the attention received fro
the ladies of this and the sufrouuding con
nunities, and also from those who hare t
supervision of ihe patients under their charge.
j 'ibis hospital beirg located in the comat- ;
could rot be visted by those on side or
palcs often as if it were situatfil in thecit ,
but this difficulty has been somewlut ove
come by the weekly visit of the ladies, wl
bnug with them largeuantitiesof dejicach
and place them in the Tiands of the Stew a
who makes a liberal distribution of th
among the patients. In this way the frien
of this hospital hate contributed much for tl
improvement and comfort of those sent he
for medical treatment.
We fha!l be pardc.ned for venluriijg a fr
gestion to thoe who com" here oa erands
mercy. I think it is nut deemed desirai
that large numbers of ladies should viii t;
wauls at the .same time. This often produc
in very sick patients unusual e scheme,
which oftsn results iu iujty, and althoo
I have bearel no complaint trcm Snrgeius
this partii;uiar, yet my o'-'servatiori nd exp
rieice teach me, that, in order to promote t
well heirs g ot the tuft'ei t-rs, but few visitat
slum '-el be admitted to tho ward at once. L"
those who have lare experience .h ick rooi ...
visit them in eompany v,ith the ward-in;
rons as t'ten a they will ;but let. others co
. tert themselves with speaking cheejfully a
enceuragmg y lo tiie convalescents, and wi
eoTitributing as much ai-Jthey desire in t
way of provisions, whlcn wid always ;
thankfully received and "impartially distrib.
ed.
It has been but a few weeks sinca tl
hospital commenced operatio&s; yet 'under t
snperviidon a.d contr 1 of Dr. H. A. Ba
Surgeon iu charge, it has attained a profieif
cv not surpassed by many of long standi? j
I s organization is perlect.' Ery drpa-."
mentis managed with admiri-ihle" skill ; i
disu?d--r er confusion t-v. r being manliest.
the Medical departmant Drs. Jones, DraU
and Berfv. who have their 'respective wan
are untiring in their efforts to allevia e t :
sufiVrina. ard bv kind words or 5-abies of go
bume-r i fien revive tho spirits o! liJodespoi 1
In the ruliuary elcpartmeut, Dr. G. ;
B'acknall has xhibi?ed his asmd ingenuity
siipplying every suible that the markets
ford which is palatable or nutritious lor t
eick. And ah h ugh there Lave been soi
complainings, yef upon a close obsrvati
for rr.re than two weeks, I have no hesitati
in aOirming that the fare in this institttti
is exctller.t. both for the enlisted men a
e fliers. Iudecd. cons'deiing the hardm
of tUe times, and the scarcity of provisio
it is miu v( dus what a variety of disr.es .
served np, are daily placed up -n the table.
I'j its general management, D II. A. B
has sho.wn hiirc-'if fuliy competent to cm '
on wth suciess an enterprise tvhieh is adrc
ted by all to be encumbered with numer -difficulties.
His position is one which i epm
thi: greatest decision oj character, a dur-p ;
t.iph; into human nature, ai.il an exercis ,
the inrgt puitent forhearan-e ; yet tiis lo .
str' ic'in the field, his exp ikm.c! in the h
pita! WiimingWn, tg her with his nat
i.bili y, qn.iiity him for the iisponsible pi-'
lion he now occupies. The friends of : s
Bi'.ffering may - c.ns;ratulato themselves
having s;:ch an asylum for those who h -boon
-.vonsded ur '.vora out in their connti .' i
servifc.
Thelav's cf the ins it uti"n to which all
requited tf! yield iiaphcit ebcdi-nee, i r
wholest'me and just. ' Whi! intempcranco, a
disregard of cie.ii.lii ess, and all disotd-rs '' -strictly
prohiMteel and sui.mar.ily p mish : ,
yet t tie hivers of prac and ysod .rdM- t t
net the sih-aUst oppression from th?s v, , :
ris.rictioLs. A PATIENT.
The Chinese Suoa Cane and Cattle..' o
different times articles have appeared in -s
papers in regard l ihe propriety of fe'idi 4
the Chinese sugar cane to cattle some cn
tending that it is 'injurious, others that it n;
beneficial. The following letter to theFaye -vihe
Observer is from one of the best farm j
in thi" Stite. The writer's tee ti many is n
favor ot feeding tho cane to caUltj alter va
iner it in the sun a dayer two.
R ckinqham, July 20, 1864
Gentlemen: I notice in your paper of the II h
a letter ffom a h.ighly respectable gentltn 1
and physician of Clinton, Sampsou cOur. ,
upon the great danger to be appreheuddl in
soili g cattle with Chinese sugar oane p
1 hat there is some.ttiiujr poisonous and o
riously detrimental to cattle, when given i a
food iu a wet and green condition, (that is
before it is allowed to'wilt" or to 'wither" l
the sun.) I do pot deny, for I have exfierien f 1
it myself, but if cot and it be allowed to f -maiu
in the sun one or vo days, it spc fi i
ly harmless, and the best of food fr eattla,.r
mal..
I have used it as above described toleralry
eitensively for some s- ven years, and h ; e
never experienced t'ie least injury from it
Why or whatproperty ttn;reis in itt 'deti y
cattle when given ia a wet and green con 1
tion, I have no means, of ascertaining, bt I
will agre to pay for any cow wh, when d
as T describe, shall 'be injured thereby.
Some years ago, my attention was callei to
the danger of feeding it in a wet and gmn
condition by the Southern Cultivator, vI.
while admittting that it should not be fed i.- a
wet and gren tate, roundly denied tbat ! y
instance could be produced in which it li d
ever proved injurious when used as aboe
stated. . Respectfully, W. F. Leak
In order to be on the aafe side it Would " 3
well to follow Mr. Leak' directions, but
know that many feed the cane to cattle grew.,
and we have beard " ef no injury rasulti
thereby. .
Retknge is Sweet. "Seymour," an intc1
ligcnt cor res po dent of the Daily News, ts
somewhat apologetic becaese th rebels de
stroyed bridge and private property in Mary
land. We confess we see netbing to apoh.
gize for in this act, even thouga they had
razH every house to the ground, and dtrot -ed
Wery vestige of property in their frak
that they could conveniently carry awn-;;
"Revenge is sweet," according to the old
age, and consequently, if they had burned and
destroyed, leaving naught but the .blackne 1
of desolation and ruin whjrever the feet of tf- i
invader pressel our sotf.it would eoly be t! j
mildest retaiutieu for the unnumbered outra::..
aad crimes which have been committed as ait-. ;
defenceless, ucurotected women and r.bil.ir
j in the St uth by eair armies during the la t
! thrra ver o terr-r and bloodshed. Birgt .-w
j (AT. J.) Democrat.
I TELEGRAPHIC ,
REPORTS OP THE PRESS ASSOCIATION.
. s
From Petersburg.
PETERSBURG, Aixg. 8. Since the explosion
of Friday, nothing of interest has occurred except
Jo we rnortor fhrlling and picket firing, resulting
in nothing. Grant is certainly sending more
troops from his command to the valley ; he"is not
believed, however, to have abandoaed mining,
but still perseferes in digging.
Northern JTews.
RICHMOND, Aug.8.-The WashirgtonChron
icle of the 6tb says, the city council of Philadel
phia has voted to pay four Hundred dollar's bounty
to every volunteer. The most extensive gang f
of counterfeiters ever known in tbe United States,
was broken up at St. Louis, and a large amount of
counterfeit greenbacks EeeureH.
tireat excitement exist in Montgomery county,
in consequence of an attempt to capture a band of
guerillas and deserters in tkat county. Citizens
UiHaboro' fear the rebels will execute their
threats to burn the town. A regiment of infantry
has be. n ordered to Hillsboro', and stormy times
are nticipated.
Wade, of Ohio, and Davis, of Maryland, have
published letters strongly animadverting upon
the refusal of Lincoln to sign a bill for the reorgan
ization of tbe rebel State governments.
From Mobile. .
MOBILE, Aug. 7. Friday night Lt. Colonel
Williams, cemmarding Fort Powell, evacuated
and bh w up the fort. The enemy yesterday and
to-day are shelling Fort Gaines. The people of
Mobile are all ready for the fray; 'great confi
dence prevails. Tke people areeatisfied with the
conduct of .Buchanan, Murphy end Burnett, of
the Navy. '
(second dispatcii.) .
Mobile, Augunt 8. I am painfully humiliated
to announce the shameful surrender of Fort Gaines
at half-past 9 o'clock this morning, by Col.-Chas.
Anderson, of the 21st Alabama regiment. This
powerful work was provisioned for six months,
and had a garrison of eix hundred men. He com
municated with the enemy's uYetby flag of truce,
withont the sanction of General Page. Page en
quired by signal what his purpose was, and receiv
ed no answer.
His attention was attracted by signal guns.
Page repeatedly telegraphed ' Hold on to yonr
Fort." The -amo night Page visited Fort Gaines
and found Anderson on board tbe yank ee flet,
arranging tbe terms of capitulation. Page left
peremptory orders for Anderson, on his return,
not to surrender, relieving him of his command.
Although Fort Morgan signalled this morning,
no answer was received except the hoisting f a
yank-e flag over the ramparts. Anderson's con
duct is officially pronounced inexplicable- and
shameful.
From Petersburg.
PETERSBURG, Aug. 10 -Th- explosion of
yesterday is s.ill unexplained. The enemy are
contracting their lines on oar right -their left
anil receding from th e direction of the Wtldon
Railroad.' Everything indicates the enemy
throwing themselves in diminished force on the
defensive. Little-or tea sharp shooting and scarce
ly any mortar or artillery tiring to-day.
From Atlanta.
ATLANTA, August 9. Urt nicht and this
morninp: pissed without any demonstration on the
part of enemy. Some few shel's were thrown
into the city -v:thout doing any damage.
The enoniy evince a. disposition to extent their
right further, which rests near the Campeltori
road. A Captain and Lieutenant from McCook's
raiders, who deserted from our army last winter,
were captured yesterda.
From Mobile.
MOBILE, Aug. 9. Last night a soldier train
ran into -a landslide between Pollard and Mont
gomery, killing tvvelre and wounding fifty-seven
of the first Mississippi, battallion of artillery.
Last night two white men aad one negro were
arrested for cuttiag telegraph wire. Some
Federal vessels are. cruising In the Bay. The
garrison in Fort Morgan is in fine spirits. All
quiet btdow.
From the Xof tlu
RICHMOND, Aug. 10 A flag of truce boat
arrived at Varina last night, bringing thirty Sur
geons and two Chaplains. Tbe Baltimore Ameri
can of the 9th says, advicej from the upper Poto
mac state that tb? rebels have again Uft Maryland
in full retreat. It is said that great haste was
mode in the movement, as the federal forces on
the South side of the Potomac were threatening
their rear.
The main rebel ferce under Early . is reported
retreating ou Winchester. Sherridan has beu
temporarily placed in command of the department
of the Shenandoah.
Kellj reports that Averill overtook the rebels
vsder McCaasland at MooreCeld on Sunday, and
attacked them, captutugrall their artillery and
five hundred prisoners. Tho American is sauch
elated by this news, and the reports from Mobile.
Nothing import aut from Graat. Both armies
are engaged in strengthening their defensive
works. .
A telegram from Fort Smith claims a victory
rover the Confederates under Cooper and Stand-
watie on 31st ultimo.
European advices of the 29th are unimportant.
Confederate loan, active at improved rates.
Latest gold quotation in New York 257.
The Northern Bemoecaey.
The Alexandria Gazttte of the 1st
icst.
says :
. The difference of opinion between the lead
ing democrats of the . North, which have
heretofore divided them into "War" and
"Peace Democrats," teems to be vanished. 1
The New York World (war) says; "Toe new
President to be nominated at Chicago and
elected in November, must be a man ready
j and willing 'to meet any aad every overture
for peace, a man wbo shall represent truly the
dignity and. power of the nation, aad whe
will not be uawillinsr even to tender an armis
tice suggesting a National Convention of all
the States." The N. Y. News (peace) agrees
t" thi. ?2yiig: "The peace Democracy will
indorse a nomination that faithfully represents
the sentiment here stated' -They are willing!
to trust to the good sense and patriotism of
the people for the realization of a definite
Peace as the sequel of an Armistice and Na
tional Cwovention.''
It thus sms likely that "an armistice sug
getiog a. National Conventiou of all the
StateV will be the main feature of the plat,
form of principles to be put forth by the De
mocratic ConveJiioa which. p to assemble
at Chicago on the 20th of Auzust.
o Trinity College.
TITF. next eeFsion will commence on the 7th of
September next. Tuition from, eight to ten
dollars per month, tu mltance. Board, una hun
dred dollars per month, payable monthly, ia ad
vance j; or, abont eight dollars per month, it paid
in provisions at peace prices. There are small
extra charges for washing and room rent. Stu
dents arerequ.ted to brirg all the text book.
they may be able to procure.
W. T. G ANN AWAY,
juiy 20-wlOt President.
N0.lK,CPr,;"TI,,'n VJ an(l committed lo
the Jail ot Ca,awba,a dark NKGROmaa
? or VhtTT.-V19 f Saiti "kT" says his nume
is fLliAhAiM, and that he. is tbe property of
Hugh Carlyle and Geo. Henderson of Georgia
JewtonV C.April 13th 18C4. ap. 20 li-wCoi
C0MMITTKD
TOTIIE JAIL 0E WAKE COUNTY, AS A
runaway, on the 5th of My, a negro wo.
man, who says her ntue U SALLY BRYANT,
and that she ws raised in Jones county, by Jo.
Eh. She had on yhen committed a red cot
ton dress. She is about 25 years old, 5 feet 2 inh
tf high, slender, color black, two upper front
teeth out, and rather slow tpofcen. The owner
tf said negrj is requested to come forwtrd. prov j
property, pay charges ajd take her away, cr ebo
will be dealt with as tbe law directs.
W. H HIQ1J, Sheriff.
92-dlt.lenf
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, BURKE
COUNTY.
CeURT OK TlEAS AND QUARTER SesMoKSi
Jult Ta, 18G4.
Sarirh Fisher,
.'
Perkius Johnson and wire Elizabeth, Georc
Fisher. James J.-unos ar.d wife Sarah, Heirs at
Law of Thomas Finhor. de'd.
Petition for Hover.
,TT appearing to thessuUfaction of the Courr, th.it
2. that IVrkins Johnson and wife Elizabeth, (iorg
Fishr r, James James arid wife Sarnh, aro non
resident or this State : it is ordered, that Publi
cation he made in the Weekly Confederate for six
successive weeks, notify injr said parties personally
to appear at the Court Hou.o in Morganton, on
the-1st Monday after the 4th ftiondav in Septem
ber next, then and there to plead, answer or de
mur to said petition ; otherwise judgment pro
confeo will be entered as to them.
Witness, J. . Kinciid, Clerk of siid Cout, at
otlice in Morga:.ton. the 1st Mondav after the 4 th
Monday in June, A. 1. 1S64.
. J. B. KINCAID, C. C. C.
july 26 w&w
STATE OF NOUTH CAllOLI.VA, 1
Pitt Count v.
Court of Pleas find Quarter Sessinns
g, Te; in, lfilM..
Henry Sheppard, Adin'r of)
May
Jos. A. Uilliams, dee'd
vs. V
Distributers of )
Jo. A. Williams, deceased.
Petition to divide
tflares.
VT APPEARING TO THE SATISFACTION
a of the Court, that K. K. Foreman and wife,
defendants in this case, are non-resident of this
State: It is ordered by the Court, that public,
tion be mede for six weeks in th? Confederate,
notifying the raid defendants of the filing of this
petition, to appear a-vl answer, tc, at the 'next
Jerni of this Cour t, - mcjit pro con f ::
be granted against thr;?.
GEO. A. DANCEY, C. C. C.
june 8-19. w t ,
STATI2 OF NORTH VAK0LINA.
AI1K CuUNTV."
Superior Court of La iff, Sriay Term 1 SGI.
John C. Pluiumer 1 m
Original Attachment.
Ralph Blevina. )
lt appearing to the satisfaction of the Court that
the defendant Ralph Blevins is not within the
jui isiiction of this Court : It is ordered tbat pub
lication be niad-j in the wuokly Coederntei'or n'x
week commanding the said defendant to be an-1
I appear at'the next term of rh Supei iwrCourt of
aw to 00 Deiu for the county of Ashe, at Ihe
Court llous- in Jefferson, on th 4th Mondav alter
the lth Monday ir Augut next, then and there
to plead and replevy in the faid cavse, otherwise
( nsil judgement will le rendered against, bim..
Witness E. C. BartMte Cler k of ur said Court
at aflice the 4th .Mondav after the 4th Mondav in
Fcbruarv, 18(51. E. C. BAUTLETE, C. S. C.
June29w6t
mm sews! com) xews"
NEW BOOKS!
OUR OWN PUBLICATIONS.
Johnson's Common School AritlonVtic.
S.T 50
3 00
1 00
7fl
2 00
2 0
2 eo
1 LO
2r
f,0
75
J The Dixie Elementary Sellin-j Book,
the .JacK .Morgan Songa er, (i?50 per 100)
Love and Liberty Song ($40, per 100)
The above books arc just from tha press.
Primary Geography,
York's 'English Grammar,
First Book in 'Composition, b- L Branson.
Hill Poems, by Theo II Hill,
Morven and Linda, by, Bev A W Mangam,
Pixie Primer, Pictorial, third edition,
First Dixie Reader, by M B Moore,
Myrtle Leaves, bv Rev A W Mangura.
1 (10
i"S"?" The above books are sold at one-third oil'
to the trade.
. OTHER BOOKS ON HAND.
MlSi;KLLANi;O.US liOOKS.
Hunten s Piano Forfe Instructor,
Lander's Arithmetic,
Bingham's Latin Grammar,.
Wesleyan Catochism No. 1,
Wesleyan Catechism, No. 2S
LansdeH'fc Catechism,
Camp and FieHJ, by Dr Jeseph Cross,
Life o Stonewall Jackson,
Th- War and its Heroes, Illustratcdi
Southern Model Letter Writer,
Rival Adcainistrati ns, E II Pollard,
Scriptural Views of National Trials,
Romantic Passages in S. W. History,
Diary of the War,
The Seige of Vicksburg,
The Sunday School Dell,
The Sabbath School Wreath,
Plowing and Ditching,
Fun for the Camp,
The Camp Jester,
Neeley's Discourses,
Dr. Deems Sermons,
Moral and Religious Anecdotes8 vols.,
The Ace A New Monthly,
Southern Literary Messenger,
Stonewall Jackson's Portrait,
Dr. De-ni' Port nit.
Grote's History of Greece, in 12 vols,
3 00
2 0(
4 00
25
75
75
3 CO
5 SO
3 60
1 50
1 00
3 60
3 60
3 00
2 60
60
75
1
1
1
3
o
25
60
00
60
60
12 00
2 60
2 60
1 50
1 75
125 00
85 00
7 00
6 50
Bancroft a History United States, 7 vols.,
Abbot's Illustrated Histories, each
Second Year of the War,
Mountain Violet, by Kev T M Baker,
A Few Chestnuts for the Children, by Uncle
Charles,
A Sunday School in Every Church, by Rev
BManlv, -Words
of ComTort,.bv II F Buckner,
Robert Cuhman or the Rival Students,
The Little. Preacher, by Uncle Charles,
Life of T C Wimber ly, by Uncle Charles,
Soldier Boy Songster,
Stonewall Songster,
Cotton Field Melodies,
MILITARY BOOKS. '
Napoleon's Maxims of War,
Bavonet Exercise and Skirmish Drill,
Volunteer's Field and Camp Book,
General Orders,
Warren's Surgery,
School of the Guides,
NOVELS.
UtMrli h VI 1c r....
50
50
75
25
00
75
75
00
00
60
1 25
1 25
1 25
6 00
6 00
1 59
5 00
Master William Mitten, by Judge Loagstreet, 5 00
Dnnr, Aair.-orCaptaifcd in I.phi, 1 2S
Lady Audley's Secret, bv M li Bradden,
5 00
Eleanor's Victory
Kooert ana -Harold, by U F Goulding,
50
5 00
3 00
3 00
3 00
6 50
2 00
5 00
3 00
Les Miserabbs Fan tine,
" St. Dennis,
" " Jean Yaljeaa,
Raids and Romance of Morgan and Men,
Field and Fireside Novelette,
Silas Marner, by Miss Evans,
The Battle of the Bards
JEST" Those ordering books to be sent per
mail must temit 10 cents extra on the dollar
to pay postage. BARN SON & FA Ml A R.
july 1-13 i. Raleigh, N. C.
i
1
f
(1
I
I'
5
t
o
n
I'
J;
Z -.t ... f - r - n-- & ? r- - - ear