THE CONFEDERATE.
WEDNESDAY. May 23. 1SGI.
? TATE L13GI SLAT I RE.
SENATE. : ;
Friday, May 20, 18S4.
The Senate met at 10 o'clock, a. m The
St. p.ikcr in tho chair.
Mrr. Hoke and Warren were appoint cd a
-.irmnitto on the restoration ot the scabious of
fh- S iprcmc Court.
Mt m 'rials wore read from sevrral counties,
r-vommrn ling cvrtain persons to be appointed
.! magistrates.
Mr. L lis presented a bill to prevent the
h--irucii.ui of thr s?rcao of Big Swamp by
u li fr.p". Road the fiVst time and referred
. t!i f-ini.-niit-re ru propositions and griern-
1 i! tr-is priftcl bv Mr. Y.-U'ig, to
:iiin'i tf charter of the Weateru P Link road
' I'lllpdliV.
A resolution In favor of J. C. Griffith,
sheriff f Caswell county, passed its second
r .idmg, and was referred to the committee on
.!:'ii)S.
A message was received from the H'ise,
prop to nisrta jMn select conmi?tco to
i:fj'i?rc whit fui"T lril.i?in is ncc-.-Aty to
ac the jurisdictir n of th? C"nrr.3
AI.-hj, a message from the li.'""'', pruning
t raise a j i:it tel-ct com mi It- to nkv into
oncH''rnti')n S' much of the frovrcrnur's mes-
i refcn to c -inscription.
Also, a iuesagi from the H use j.r jvin
tf ri'3e a j'i.it select com ldltee i i rt t.it i :i - tt
til'? Ititufioc t'T thr Deaf, a: 1 D unb and
Blicd.
Also, a biU from the llo;ie c tempting
haritabl? insiitulioir. from t:xiMjn.
AIm, a bill from the- iiu.-o authorizing the
Ie. lion oftax.es in Confederate nMes -!w
i!.e Utno:i.ii.ati.n of five dolhr WHp. a if the
iir-.v is -ue, at pir; and in notes of five to fifty
dollar- at or.e-third discount.
AI o. fr n j Uu. a revolution j:itifyinr
;n t -f if . nnh"i. I''tirT.
Also, frxnti.e IIou.m. a res liuion dir-ting
the pub!i tr a surer V p iv ver t th sinking
fund c. rum u.oni- i.i L.s ii.u.ili. K-fnrxl
t the corii!.ii..ti - -:i ti a c .
On T:i.'i .ii f Mr. OuMaw, th r-drs vore
n?per.dM to t.ika no 'h hil' front th M oise
in regard to th colleei n of taxes. Toe bill
parsed its several loadings.
Mr. Siinpoou presented a rccomunndat ion fr
the appointment of certain per s a mv;is
rates of Rokingharn countr. A n.
Mr. Outlaw prsnted a recm!n"'taii n for
the appointment of certain pen n.- as magis
trates of Bortio county. Afree t ; .
Mr. Tattoo offered a rrsoluti m corrupting
Alexander Hm:th, rf Bnncomhp cotrity. from
taxation. Inferred to conimirtets on r -p,i-tions
aud grievances.
Mr. Ellis pruhciiU-d a bill autaori.'ug the
securities of the S!ier;ff (f Cobimbns cm ty to
rrieet taxs.
Mr Ellis movd tliat when this LeuUlat arc
adjouru on baturday, that it adjourn meet
:tt on M jtida at 12 o'clock. -Ujfcrred
t committer nn prnpo-itions and gncvanct s.
!r. T''ti! pitT'jested that sme plaw i ir the
iM-mv'a lins would b most suitable, as it
v.v.iii bv a aouice cf cocomagemeut to the
. . ;.ti.. of t. at section. And moreovr, as tw
!r-,j! , Tnvo t niy $0 per d.-jv f,,r (Mard,
.' ; i)ttt ?iit t'nt : m'-rr i'ril Hs-irihoii-iM
f the public nioriey he loa-ie than
tir pic-H-ut" 'rageuicjt adJtia ol.
M-. Adam, of Guilford, iatroduccd a lill
i i.'ati ti tj" person i leaving the Stat--? or
fninjj fhrt ;irmies of the pnhlic enrmy during
ti.' r-ntinur?ti-u of the war, inijvwn? havv
I tm.lti.i in bolh cae.s. Keferred to too c-mi-!iitr-c
jii judiciary, and ordered ti he printed.
T.". Sharpo iutro-Juocd a bill changing the
i mi" of holding the' Superior U urts in some of
! wtstcrn com,tis. deferred totieciu
oi it trc i.n j idiciary.
Mr. S.t.iih. f Mvn. offered a n solution
j.ntl it-ry of t! p. italic r -!f- of iov.
Wiht hino- he has been tiover nor of tho
'.-ite. which wa laid 4u the Uiblc till to
.:i4ow, at his owu iq"aert.
Mr. litndecy ia'rodiiced a bill authorizing
.- - ns who U;xd removed fr m the counties
f ih"'r resTdenfe br reason of the preseo'-" -if
mo public enemy, to vote lor members of the
Ltioiature in uuy county within -their Con-u-ioual
ditiict. Keferrcd to the com mi t-
t- - i-a judiciary
n motion of Mr. Baglny, Mr. Lindsey was
;:rm'H leave ot absence till Monday mor
: cnate aJj uiutd till tf-morrow 11 o'cltxk
Sati kpat, Mry 21, 1HGJ.
f e- r, ! met at 1 1 o'clock.
Pr.yrr by Kv. M. Atkinson of IhcPrcs-
in 1 1 in 'burrh.
pi poiiiou ya icc-ived from the Huse
t;'- t i.int 8el-ct committee ou the crrcs
ih .iMicnm hiwren Gov. Vance and Pi.'ideut
.ji on propositions of pear?. On this ques
tini Mr. Outlaw rooveu thai, the Senate p
oiui three lublead of two un this couunittce.
A message was icceived fruai the House
d- rteiij to a proposition from the Senate,
fo rue a joint select committee on the Mtbj jct
nf conscription. Mr. Outlaw Hated that bo
ouueibtood that tho cau&e of disagreeun nt on
l.t part oi fbe House to ibis proposition, was
Senile it provided for an equal - number on
i iir committer from each house. lie therc
I. r moved that the action of the House be
44:td, and the proposition sent back in its
risiual form. .Agreed to. ,
The committee on corporations reported
favorably to the incorporation of the soldier's
female orphan home of Forsythe county.
An engrossed bill was received from the
House to incorporate the General Assembly
of the Presbyterian. Church of the Confede
lates. This bill embraces the cause of edu
cation, publication and of missions, as con
ducted by the Presbyterian Cnurcb, and prc
Hribeft no limit to the atuouut of projcrty to
be held bj the corporation.
Ou motion of Young, the rules were sus
lnded and the bill taken up.
Mr. Boy den moved to amend, the bill by
limiting the amount of "property to be held by
the corporation o $500,000, , ;
Mr. Young opposed the amendment, lie
thought the limitation too small to twect the
objects of the corporation.
Mr. Hall opposed the amendment, aud
thought no public detriment could arise from
its passage in its original'form, but moved an
amendment by inserting $5,000,000 Ju the
place of $500,000. , . .
Mr. Boyden suppoeed, from the bill, thai .
the corporation ; bad respect only to this State,
but since it seemed to be snoro general, he
accepted the amendment of Mr, Hall. " '
Mr. Outlaw moved to amend by inserting a
limit of $1,000,000 to be hchL in this State.
M r. Copeland opposed a limitation.
Mr. Sharpe favored a limitation.
Mr. Smith, of Macon, opposed any limita
tion. .
Mr. VV right advocated the passage of the
ilj in itsormtnal form H thought that no
a.'
t
ju n improper
uje lx ng made of funds committeed to he
cjire ( ay religious deaouiinau, iu.J tlys.,
cVvuiitry. " '
The ayes ai.d noes being called for on the
amendment of Mr. Outlaw the vote stood
16, noes 20. Amendment. lost. "
. Mx'. "Hoyden then moved to araed the biU1y
reserving the right to lirnit o enlarge the
prrvilepes granted in it. .Agreed to. With this
amendment the bill passed. , .
iSeveiul reports from committee on judiciary,"
bills, resolutions, &c.were presenlcl.-the most
fuiportant oF which vras tli? report of the joint
reject committee in relation to the net of Con
gress suspending the privileges of the writ of
kabcaicorpu3t for which see proceedings of the
House.
Mr. Hall presented .a lengthy minority report
from the same committee.,. :
. A bill from th? House requiring manufactur
ers of fnlt petre to inclose their works with a
good fence, and imposing a fine of $25 per day,
for every day they neglect to do 60, and the
payment of the full value of any stock that may
die from drinking the poisonous liquid of eaid
i works. Passed by-imnwsiag a fine double the
value of any stock that may die as specified ia
the bill, and sent back to the House for con
currence. On motion of Mr. Smith, of Macon, the fol
lowing resolutions offered by him yesterday,
were taken up dud passed.
The aves and noes being called, Messrs.
Harris of Rutherford, andTatrick of Greene,
woly voted in the nega ive. '-
Ite'otned, That his Excellency, Gv. Z. B. Vance
justly entitled to the confidence and thanks of
this General Assembly for the able, faithful and
successful manner in which be has heretofore dis
charged and ij! now discharging the complicated
and arduous duties of the Executive ofhee. era-
barrassed aait ha. been bv the difliultUs growing
oat the present unjuet aou hendisn war.
i lltioived, furthi.r, that. iiov. anre has ine
most hearlv approval and cordial sympathy of
this General Asseinhtr tor the firmness and fidel
ity with which he ha uniformly adhered to our
caue of independence and resistance to the powers
brought againat us fur our subjugation.
On inot'um of Mr. Warren, the bill extend
ing the time tor ixruparing the poll-, &.c , in
counties subjiict to the annoyauce of the pub
lic enu.y, ivas takeu up, aud passed i's sev
errd readings.
By Mr. Patrick, a bill impo-ibg i tine of
.100 for millers taking moro t'tan pne oiith
tol Ileferrcd.
By Mr. Boyden.ii bill amending the chnrter
ot ihtf Plediuout liulroiil cooip.i iy-sm us to
give the &ttue grade ti that Road as that of
the Kiuhmond and DauvilSe Road.
Leave of absence was granted Mr. Sanders
for Monday.
On moti. n the Senate adjourned till Monday
10 o'clock.
HOUSE OF COMMONS.
TaiDAY, May 20, 18G1.
The Houe met at ten o'clock.
The journal w is read and approved.
A memorial was presented by Mr. Logan,
from Uueen Victoria, (a free woman of color),
praying that she be allowed to enclave herself.
Her object was to marry a Slave, which is
contrr7 V; the statute in such cases ma 1c and
provided. "j . . .
0. Ledtettcr and others, of Rutherford eoun-
rv. askioir authority to increase the rates of
toll on Hickory Nut Turnpike.
Mr. Walser reported a resolution from a
special committee, exempting S'atc officers,
civil ayd military, from. enscrip' ion. P.-.sit(l
; its fircl rea!ing.
j Mr. Shrp'icrd, a resolution requiring the
j appointment of a committee (weekly) to ex-
amine engrossed bills and certify their cor
j rcctcess to the House. Adopted,
-i A resolution by Mr. Crawford, of thanks to
t Maj. Gen. Hoke, Brig. Gn. M. W. "Ransom
and the t flLers aud aoldier under their om-
maud, for the gallantry and heroism diaplay
! cd by tliem in the capture of iho town of Ply
; month.
j A substitute was offered by Mr. Shepherd,
, which was accepted by Mr. Crawford, tender
ling thanks aljito Commander Cook of tho
: A'btiiiar's. The resolution was unanimously
advp'ed.
Mr. 11 irton, a resolution in relafioM to the
ILliu jkLd ojlloct'oa of taxes in VTatauga
c U!.J.
Mr. Walter, a res btMon in favor of H. B.
Dcaver, tax wdlector of Madison county. lt -Iciicd.
A resolution by Mr. Sherwood, "nstruoting
an enquiry Ty the committee on education,
i coTirprning thr propriety of increasing tho
1 omins.iti.li of chairmen of the - boards of
bu perm leudants of common schools. Adopted.
M. Watson, a resolution to raise a joint
select committee on so much of the Governor's
Message a relates to peace propositions.
Adapted.
BILLS OH FlKST RKADlSO.
By Mr. Burgin, to augend the Orditiancc of
the Coutcuiiou allowing ii-idicia to Vole.
Tab b 11 ci'eudto the iri vilegc ot the ordinance
to . alt cominissiouers tind other employes,
&c , of this State at Saltville, iu Va., and to
citizens of this Sfcvte employed at the C. S.
Armory at Columbia, S. C.J
By Mr. loug, a bill to authorize the juat ics
of Cabweli county to remoVe obstructions from
Macous creek in said county.
Mr. Bums, a blil to auicud "an act in rela
tion to the tnIitia and a guard for home de
fence." Mr. Dunn, a bill to incorporate St. John
Lodge. No. 96, A. Y. M., in Lenoir county
A bill by Mr. Wilson, to legalize the judi- ;
cial acts of a term of the county court infor
mally held in the cointy of Madison.
Mr. Shepherd, a " bill to prohibit moro
effectually the distillation of spirituous li
quors. .
- A bill to taxcoupous on certain State bonds,
being the special onb r, was amended on
motion of Mr. Shepherd, and passed its second
and third readings.
. JThe following engrossed bills from Senate
passed their 2nd and 3rd readings, to wit : .
. A bill concerning the mileage and perdiem .
of the members of the General Assembly.
A resolution in favor .of the sureties of W.
T.J. Vann, Sheriff of New Hanover county.
A resolution in favor of the justices of On
slow county Was modified, on motion of Mr.
Foy, by substituting owe of a general character,
authorising the Secretary of State to furnish
copies of the Revised Code to Justices of the
Peace of any county not supplied heretofore.
The resolution .then passed its 2nd aud 3rd
readings. ' '
' "'A bill to incorporate Cross Creek Manufac
turing Co. in the county of Cumberland passed
2nd and 3rd readings, also a bill to amend the '
cbarter of the town of Charlotte, and a bill
to ineofporate the Trustees of the "Soldiers
and 0hana .Boia in the county of
ForsTtbe. '
A bill in favor of Akx. Hood, Tax Collect
or Of Mecklenburg county, passed its 2nd ard
3rd readings.1 Also a bill to incorporate Yan
ceyville Female' Seminary.
A bilT to inoorporate the Fayetteville Mill
Manufacturing Co. paefed its 2ndaniSid.
readiBjs.
' A bill authorise: four J usticeb of Carter
county to aniKnni a Cxmniissionciv and W
other purpoecs, aud a bill to incorporate ihe
j Trustees of the General Assembly of the Pre s-
l.nfori.in fliiirtli in tkn r.,.,f.l A...t,. Af
America, passed their second and third read
ings.
A bill was introduced by Mr. Person to en
argQ the powera.of the Ci;mHhsiontirstof Vtjtfi
Town "of Wilmington. " '" "'. .
' Mr.' Richardson, a bflli to, amend jle Char
ter of the Cheravrarid Co;il Fields Railroad
Company. ; ' ,
Mr. Buss, of ladcn, a bll to exempt cer- J
tain citizens of the State from taxation.
After a number of uominalions of Justices
of the Peace,, the House adjourned ' until to
, morrow 10 o'clock. -
. '-Saturday, May 21. -
IIouso met at 11 o'clock, a. m.
Prayer by the Rv. Mr." Atkinson, of the
Presbyterian Church
Journal of yesterday read and appro vrd.
Mr. Grissoui, from the joint select comuiillee
on habeas corpus, reported the following res
olutions as. a majority report of , said com
mittee :. . , .
' Resolved, That while the people of North Caro
lina have ever been and still are axioms tostengthen
the Administration of the Confederate Government
in every legitimate way, and to promote the suc
cess of the common cause, in order that we may
i
have a speedy and honorable peace, we view with
deep concern and alarm the repeated aud mani-
fest infract iens of the constitution by the Congress
of the Confederate States; and thid .Geoeral As-
stninl v dfilh ml thMr -nmt nrcvh'ct ao-juwst. snnh
' infractioBs as of pernicious example and fatal ten-
ueocy. t
Uenolved, That the act ef the late Congress en
titled "an act to suspend the privilege of tie writ
of habeas corpna in certain caos," violates the
fundamental maxifn of- republican governaienU
which requires a separation of the department,
of power, clothes the 'Executive with judicial
functions which Congress cannot constitutionallyT
confer even on the judiciary itself, and sets at
naught tbe mogt emphatic and solemn guaranties
of the Constitution.
- Jteaolved, That this General Assembly, rep re"
senting tbe people of North Carolina, doth not
consent to the sacrifice of the vital principles of
free government iu a war carried on solely to
secure and perpetuate them, and doth declare that
no "conditions of public danger," present or pro
spective, probable or possible, can render the
liberties of the peopla incompatible with tbe pub
lic safety.
Rtsoived, That the act of the same Congress.enti-
! fled '"an act to organiz-i forces to s ;rve daring the
j war,' declaring all white men, resident of the
I Conft'df rates States, between the ages of seventeen
I and fifty to be in the military service, embracing
j in its provisions every State officer in all the de
partments, Executive, Legislative and Judicial,
and subjecting all the industrial pursuits of the
country to military supervision and control, re
duces the State governments-to mere provisional
adniiritrations, dependent on thegraco and favor
of Congress, under the Executive, is destructive of
State sovereignty and imparts an assirtiofc of the
power 'on the part of Congress, to convert the
Confederate Government iuto a consolidated mil
itary despotism.
Resolved, That this General Assembly dath
therefore reque t our Senators and Representa
tives in Congress to use " their best endeavors to
procure appeal of th first mentioned act, and
such modifications of tbe necond as shall secure
the rights and preserve the.integrity of the States
of tbe Confederacy. '
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be
transmitted to each of our Senators and Repre
sentatives in Congress.
'" On motion of Mi. Person, they were ordered
to be printed aud made the. special order for
Tuesday 11 o'clock.
MTROlt'CrtOIt OF RESOLUTIONS.
By Mr. Waddell, a resolution concerning the
confiscation of the property of alien enemies. :
By Mr. Kirby, a resolution proposing to re
gulate prices.
By Mr. Russell, of Bladen, a resolution pro-
i poking to ndjonrn sine die on Thursday next at
S o'clock a. m. L iid " the table.
By Mr. McRae, thnt n i unt committee
rvecd to consider the quetvui of adjournment.
P.y Mr Carbon, aiit horizinjr the Kurities of
j J. C. Smith; late Sheriff of Alei.iuUer, to "col
j led arrearages of taxes. Passed its several
readings.
j By Mr. WViion, in favor of xVlexander Hous-
ton, ol Pdadison couuty.
I INTR0OUCTION OK BII.T.S.
! By Mr. Person, a bill to incorporate 1h I
; Cape Frr.r Importing and Exporting Company, j
By Mr. Kusscll. a bill to incorporate tbe
' Cape Fear Lodge, No. 1 01, A. V. M., in TMz
1 abet h town.
HyMr. Avrra, a hill, to prevent obstruc
tions in the Nene r'ner. ,
Hy Mr. Walsor. a bill to .authorize the
Governor to purchase and. distribute leather
to iii wives and families of indigent soldiers.
By Mr. Riissell. of Brunswick,' a resxjlution
proposing to raise a j.ant select committee to
devise meau.4 for thotufferers by the late con
flagration in Washington, Bnaufort county.:
Adopuul.
By Mr. Ilcury, of -.Henderson, a bill to
amend an act tor the improvement of certain
roads iu tho counties of Henderson aud BtiD"
comb.. -
lv Mr. Horton, a bill to authorize the
j County Coailol Wat iuga to sell the old jail.
BILLS ON 2SD UEAPtN'G.
-A bi'l jto establish , a General Criminal
Court ih" ; the gb Judicial District. Read
aud laid on the tabic.
A' bill to amend section Oth, chapter 87, of
the Revised Code, was taken up and rejected
Resolution exempting State . aud other offi
cers from conscriptio.n, passed its 2nd read
ing yeas 59, .nays 3GV
On motion of Mr. Co-.vles. : the rules were
J supendtu and the resoiaiiuu put upou its 3rd
Mr. Piriou moved to amend by excluding
from exemption militia officers and justices of
the peace under 45 years of age: Rejected
years 31, nays CI. .
Yeas Messrs. Beall, Beam, Brown, Burgin,
Burns, Cobb, Costner, Cmwford, Davis , Duke
Francis, Gilliam, Grier, Harris, tof Ctsbarrus,
oyner, Judkins, Lemmonds, Love, Logon, Uann;
of Hyde, Manning, Pearce, Person Powell, Rey
nolds, Richardson, Riddiek, Robinson, Shepherd,
Stanford and Stanoil 31.
, Nat Messrs. Allisod, Amis, Avera, Bernhardt,
Barringer, Benbury , Best, Bryan, Carpenter. Car
bon, Carter, Cowled, Craig, Dunn, Flynt, Fout,
Foy, George, Glenn, Greene, Grissom,,Uamptou,
narrifi, or Chatham, Hawes, Henry, of Bertie,
Henry,, of Henderson, Headen, HoIHngsworth,
Howard, Horton, Ingram, " Jenkins, Keener,
Kerner, Leathers, Long, Lyie, McCor stick,
McKay, McNeill, M eae, Nissen, Tarks, . Per
kins, Rhodes, Bitter, Bobbins, Rogers, But,
Russell, of Brunswick, Sherwood, hober, Smith,
of Guilford. Smith, of Washington . Waddell. Wal -
len, Walser, Welibom.Woodall, Young, of Iredell
and Young, of Yancey 1.
Mr.. Person moved to amend by excepting
CjKgstablea; Rejected-1-yeas 40, nays 55.
- Mr. Rhodes moved to amend by excradrtag
niiliUa-to6oeT8. and justices of the peace not
engaged in farming, from exemption. Rtjsct--ed
yeas 26, nay s 56. v ,;
.Mr. Penwn t moved to amend by excludirj
' from exemption so tiian of the said Stale' oftf
cent as b Govprnor mibt deem unrecessary.
Rejeeted-rtyeasSl; nays73.J r ': -
Mr. Wajddell moved to amid by exempt
ing county surveyors and jailers. Rejected.
.: The resolution then passed its third reading.
A message was received from the Governor
transmitting aojnmunieatien 'from the State
Salt CdmmiseioMr, which was vead aad-ordsred
lo be aen lo tbe Seemta.
' Th Speaker laid before the House tbe re
Lpurt of th Statf Auditor, which was read and
Ecnt to the Senate, with a proposition lo print.
Mr. Shepherd inovel to rK"Onsider I he vote
of-yesterday," fixing the per diem of the mem
ber. .Not agreed to.
Mr. Howard (by leavp) introduce! a bill to .
legalize the leaving of taxes by the county
f cottft of Da vie' v ' -
" Mr. Biteel. 4 bill authorising the court of
plMaiv quirtr sessions of Sampson to levy
taxps:fr-tiie ( improvement o roads in said ,:
County. "" - "1"
Oi motion of Mr. Avera, the M-'iise ad-
I journcd until Monday. 10 o'clock a. ni.
CaunltleJ" In t'llngnraiPs Brigade
Headq's CIst Reg't N
V- )
e, near
iLVTF. I
' Clinostan's Bp.iqde
Drewry's B
Editors Confederate : For the gratification
of the friends of the 6Tst regiment, 1 send you a
bit of the killed and wounded during tho skir
mishing of the 13th, 14th and 15th, and the
geucral engageuient cf the ltith, with the
enemy near Drewry's Bluff:
Field and StaiT Scrgt-Maj Win. H Vou
Ebersteic, wounded in hip, severely.
- Company A, capt J II Robinson command
ing Killed private S W Faison. Wounded
1st sergt Jno O Armstrong, in shoulder slight
ly; sera JasM Smith, in groin slightly; nri-
I vates Jno O Lockamy, ,in head mortall?; Jas
II Johnson, in arm aud back severely; Jno I
Yanuin hand slightly....
... Co t), capt W Stcvcnsorj comrn'dg
Wouiioed privates - Jno A Cherry, in hea l
slightly; Emanuel Edwards, in thigh .severely.
Co U, capt Edward. MalleLt comm'dg
Wounded privates Tht s Ainsworth, in head
.slightly; J L BarcliiU, in leg.sligbtly; Charles
Euglcfhld, in head slightly; Lewis J King, in
knoc' severely; Jos Mundell, in arm slightly;
Ezekiei. Slaughter, in foot , slightly; Richard
Wilkersou, in shoulder slightly. . -
Co D, 1st lieut W S Rams;iy commd'
Killed private J W Johns m. Wound d-
privates Richard Ausby, in thigh aud leg
severely ; David Caudle, in ankle severely ;
Noah H Clark, in hand slightly; S B Cole, in
shoulder severely; W M CrutchGeld, in back
and arm severe.ly; Allen C Davis, in leg slight
ly; Wm F Dowdy, in leg' slightly; Sydney
Eubauks, in thigh .severely; Wm F Holt, in
abdomen slightly; Albert R Pnillips, iu arm
slightly; Norman A Webster, in hand slightly;
Alfred Wrightsrnan, iu shoulder slightly; SA
Smithy in thigh slightly.
Co F, capt A J Moore commd'g Killed
sejgt John H Caraway,, private Win Fryer.
Wmmdcdliewt Jegsa D Barnes, in eye very
slightly; privates Jesse Caraway, in shoulder
severely; Frank Felton, in elbow slightly;
Wiley Howard, in hand slightly; Edmund
Pedeu, in groin slightly; Wm D Ruff, in hai;d
slightly; Davis Kuflin, in fhigh severely; Seth
Walston, in arm slightly; Johu Williams, in
hand slightly.
Co G -Killed lieut Daniel Shnftolford.
Co H, capt Win B Lanier commd'g Killed,
private R F Ward. Wounded capt'Wra
B Lauicr, in knee severely; lieut Henry H
Lanier, in hip severely; sergt Jas B Robinson,
in ankle slightly; corpl Virgil A Gurganus,
in thigh s'ighby; privates Joseph E Gibson, in
bfiml slightly; Robert H Peel, in forehead
slightly; Wm J Peel, in abdomen mortally;
J.-.ms F Robinson, in arm slightly; Harrison
Rogerson, in hand .-lightly.
Co T, C. pt Wm T Choato,-commanding
Wounded 1st forgt Geo (Jrimsley in face
severely ; sergt FM Mitchell. in foot .severely ;
corpl H .1) Kstep, in hand slightlr ; privates
lsham Blevins, in abdomen slightly ; Richard
Cheek, in hai-d slightly; Wm Check, Jr, in
hip slightly ; Silas Guirs, iu koce severely ;
Joseph Hudson, iu back slightly : John Mabe,
in hand sl'iyiitly ; Jo!m M ox ley, in had mor
tally ; Isaao Riclnil.sHH, in hg slightly.
Companies E, G and K were not engaged,
beiug absent ou detached service.
UKOAPITUl.ATI N.
Officers killed.
Officers wounded,
Enlisted rr.cn killed,
Ivi listed men wouudtd,
Wm. L. Fa lson,
1
O
fi
Adg't.
Fayetteville Observer .aud Catawba Jour
rul please cojy.
Eighth . C. Regiment.
'L'st of Killed and Wouuded of the 8th'
North Carolina Regiment, Clingnian's Brigade,
in brittle around Drewry's Bluff, Va.; May
14th, 10ib and 16th :
Co A- Killed B 11 Charles, J W Jones.
Wounded T B Temple, arm amputated, S
C Curtis, foot, W H Perry, shoulder, Sergt K
R Sawver, both hands.
Co B Killed Josiah Whjtran. Woun
derl Capt T J Jarvis, severely in shoulder
ioir.t, J R Spry, si lo, B B'rce, hand, M
Demiy thigh, V Ethciidgc, arm, Jesse Spry,
si'!?, .
" Co C Killed P P Williatns. Wouuded -H
J AnfWron..head, K M More, side, J,.W
Winn. side, severelv. .
CoD Killed TBoling, C Harp. Wound
ed R H Mathews, ainj,- W Roberts, thigh,
R S Tupp, arm, M S HarOgtou, baclf.
. (jo E Killed or captured D A Oamcroo.
Wounded J Deane, back and arm, E Deal,
leg, Sergt N A Gilmon, fox, RGilmoo, hip,
J L Beard, severely in hand, A Ounter, hand.
Co F Killed G GiUiam. "Wounded N
Carroll, arm, S Pake, side, Captain L A Hen
derscii, thigh, slightly.
- Co G Wounded-WB Congleton, thigh,
J L Lewis, JJ Edwards fingers lost, W,L
Pippin, neck, G R Dudley, hand, Rii Moore,
neck. -
Co H Wounded S H Black welder, head,
D L Bost, head, A Cruse, shoulder, R F Fouz
land, hand.
, Co I--Wounded Capt J H Ramsey, se
verely in foot, Jas Hawks, leg, J James,
knee. --
Co K Wounded Corpl J C Morgan, se
verely in back, Corpl Jenkins, hand, A Deal,
arm, W B Bunhart, slightly in head , 'J H
House, thigh, J W Clark, arm.
Stilks KfcNNEDv, Surgeon.
Cl.l ft U 4iANS CRlClAnE, ' Ois MiE lKLl aiaT
N. C. KEg'T. ' .
The following is a list of killed aud wi un
ded jn the engagements near Drewry's Bluff,
May 14th and 16th, in a 1st Reg't, N. C. .in
fantry, by tlid publication of which yon will,
greatly oblige many, of Um irieud ot tho un .
Ibrtale.:. . "'-:--
Col J V Jordan, wounded. .
Co AKilled Capt 3 P Collins. Wuu-ded-r
Privates D Mays, morUlly; J S Hedger
nth. Wm ritt, J W M White, H W Ivey.
t lJeow w beueftt . vounaeu
Capt JT BradlyV severely; lieut J A Xiles,
severely. Sergt J'E -Howell, private J A
Mllrtio, R T Johnson, W J Ballard, J P Du
mas, missing.
Co C Killed Private f A Rarnhill.--Wounded
lieut J C Williams, private A B
Mason, sergt J C B lllentine. Jno Johnson, ,
Or W SpWey 8 11 Gardner, misaiair.
Go D Wounded Private .1 L Broughtdn,
F M Bitsbee, J D Sturdiyant, U Turner, R
Johnson, Wm Bailey 'mortally; Wm TJttey,
G L-wsiter, J P Williams. J WCmble, J R
Blcuson, B Slphcnson.
Co E Wounded Lieut J II Berry, srgt
VJV, Allison, corpls J J Tajlor R J .JVil
ion, -privateH J Baldwin; W P, McDade, A
Sharp. A C Kloyd, John 'Ihompson, J F Ter
ry, J-W Hall, S C Smith.
. Co F Ivi I lei Private M Gugann. Woun
ded Sergt A J Daniel, corpl J D Pric,
privates J R Williams, T G Williams, W J
Griffin, J il Griffin, W Robinson, J Perry ,"J
H Ward. H Weaver, E H Rrewer. :
Co G K U Snderford, kijfed. Wounded
Lt J DOatling, orpN II D HXnell, J M Mitchell,
pvts R Pierc, Wra Brn Wm Brown, IT D
li.iker, R H Bar Jen, Wm Taylor, L Newsom, H
T Vaughan.
A V Hortou, corp'l C D Bunn, pvts J D Uuder-
I hill H B KoUhf K A lopkiQ5f Wm Stiektand.
're Seabero. B Hendiick. Missin? T II
Massey.
Co I Killed Owen Tutor. WoundoJ Pvts
.! H Sith, II Smith. A B Gregory. A Arnold,
R Truelove. Missing Corp'l J Weathers. .
Co K Killed Sergeant J H Rhodes. Wound
ed Corp'l W P Uardison, pvts J Pipkin, J P
Douglass, J Bennett, D Long, mortally.
Very respectfully,
W. E. Pool,
Assistant Surgeon,
Slst N. C. Regiment.
Official List pr Casualties In Rmnrscur'a
Brigade; to 11th of May, 1864.
CASUALTIES IN SECOND N. C. REGI
MENT. Company B Wm Rowe, slightly wounded,
Martin Thornell, missing.
Cu C W H Hopkins, seriously wounded, P
M. iloigin, seriously wounded, C B Joues, mis
sing. Co D S Petti way, missing. S Keith, slightly
wounded.
Co E 1st Lt Jas M Uohsoo, missing, A
Simmons, killed, J F Thompson, slightly wound
ed, J Ward, slightly wounded, G C Steele, mor
tally wounded, eiuccdL-d.
Co F Wounded, corpl Fulshire, slightly, W
VY Coward, wdunded seriously.
Co G Wounded, A Iluggins, II II Yound,
and W ALane, all slightly.
Co I Corpl Pitts, wounded slightly, corpl
Wade, missing, J F R.wles, mortally wounded,
since died.
Co K N F Budd, seriously wouuded, J D
Oliver, missiug.
Casualties In Fourth N. C. Regiment.
Co A Killed, private N S Brawley.
Wounded, J W Hobbs, W N Gil land, Thos
Christie, J W Coau, J B Stinsm.
Co B Noue.
Co C Killed none. Wounded, corpl F A
Shuford, and private M S .Arthur. Missing,
serg't W M Adams.
Co D Killed none. Wounded, privates
N lice, E .Groom, and serg't Hudgins. Mis
sing, W Johnson.
Co E No casualties.
Co F Killed, corpl J B Farmer. Wound
ed, private EJFMora. ' '
Co G--Killed, private JP Shi vcs. Wound
ed, privates A Anthon, H A Wise.
Ct H Killed none. Wounded, private L.
Lambert
CI Missing, private Foster. None
killed or wounded. r "
CoK Killnl, serg'r O Holshouser. No
other casualties.
No: of killed .4wouuded 14 Missing '3
Total 21.
OA&UALTIE' IN TUB FOURTEENTH N. C.
REGIMENT.
Co A Wounded, private E IIarditori. Min
ing sergt Z T Sbearin.
Co B Wouuded, privates R M McCutchcn,
T D Audrewa.
Co C Wounded. copl A B Morton, privates
J II Alford, S II Gaddy, A A Waddill. Mis
.siog, private A D Lilly. .
Co D Wouiuled,privatc II S Moss.
Co E Killed, private J M Wood. Wound
ed, privates W-A Srurdivant, C Carter, J Ross,
MT Cooly.
Co F Wouuded, sergt J M VThitmorc, and
privateMesse Stepp.
Co I -Killed, private DC Clodfeltcr., Wound
ed, privates G A Uedrick, J E Workman, H. S.
Mos.
Co II Killed, private II Puster. Wouuded.
capt E Louder, privates I Dry, W E Davis, J
J II Clodfelter, G. Melton, G Barringcr.
Killed 3 Wounded 33 Missing 2 Total
28.
lasualtles In the 28th tf. V. Regiment
.In the battles commencing iu the Wilder
ness near Chancellor villc, May 6 ; also the
battles around Spotsylvania C. II., including
May 14th, 1864. .
. Co A Killed Private Johu Draughn Jno
HChilders Wounded Sergt W B Jlenly
tield, privates Geo Bullen, Thos P Norman,
T H Hodges, II Talterson, A J Bobbin, Ad
am King. Missing L H Burns, James Bet
ton Frost Snow,. William Cockerbao.), John
S M Cunningham, John Phillips, Johu Reid,
Snow White, Ficcmau Smith, Johu W Wil .
lisms. ' '
Co B- Killed Thos F Huffman." Woun
ded W II Carpenter, S M Abernathy, Alex
Service, G O Murray, G C Huffman, W A
Nichols, G L Gricc, lieut R D Ordman.
Missing Sergt E L Whitcsidcs, privates J
T Bcaley, G H Costricr," W O Morrow. G C
Rhy nc, L M Smith, L B Stowe', Moses Strocp,
G 11 Stroup.
Co C K'lUd r'rivates G D Uecman,
Abel Cook, Jno Clippurd, Jas W Carter, L L
Huffraan, A D Holler, Alf Kayler,- Daniel
Miller, Hiram Pollard, Julius Po-vy, Conrad
Pitts, Polycarp Layel, II L Grice Missing
Silvanus Cliue, S M Asbury. W II Asbnry,
CM Bowman, MA Cline John Cline, Sim
Cline, L'sn Hefner, D W Huffman, J P Utile,
Marcus Miller, Martin Scgman, Alt' Lyman,
H P Summit, Noah Summit.
Co D Killed Monroe Liefler. Wounded
Lieut Endy, privates C Epps, G H Sides,
J Privet. Missing W M Furr, L L Hur
neycutt, Peter Truce, C -Briton, W Hewby,
W W Sides, Joe Smith, II F Talburt.
Co E Killed, capt N Clark, and serg't B
K Hall. Wounded corpl W J Chisholm,
private Lewis. Conk, E Hall, C S Talburt,
serg't W M Ballard, private A M McAuley.'
Missing Lt Eliae Husl, serg't J U Frazier,.
corpl Calvin Smith, Privates T R Smith, R
H Byard, Alex Burnett, J N. Harper Stephen
Hester. II Morgan.''
Co F Killed-private, J .hn P Kirk, and
A Phillips. Wou6ded serg't F A Meyers;
corplJ.W Nance, Wm SpiUman, prvate's
Jesse Oivis, A Bean, Jonathan Hicks, John
H Donathan, A Duglas, R M Rash. Miss
ing R Hunt, H D Mathews, V H Spill man,
M D Spillmao, J F Marler, sergt J C Potn
dexter wounded and missing. . ,
Co GKiHed private E C Catfs, AP
Crawford, W B Brockwell, sergt JessdNeville.
Wounded Jas S Durham, privates II H
RubeHson, H G Reeves, Jas H Smith, R P
Poe, Lt E S Edwards. Missing, H C An
drews, sergt W W Markham, Corpls H C
Crawford, R A Durham, L J Floyd. Miss
ing corpl J U Wickers, private LueUn
Daniel, Goo Smith, Hewty ' Fiyd,. Jas S
TnoTniwoo, Jon C Andrews,- Ben Brockweil,
J F' Craig?, W J A Cheek, D M Cites. Dal
las Crabtree, Jas G D trham, W r Dntham,
.1 S Durh-im, F M Dmhim, S A Edwards H
.WJloyoVBunkr FloydNat Pendergraw ' V
FPoe.Wfl Powel. F .S Brrvkenbirsh. J-dm
Stephens, John M Snipes, W J Ward, Sidney
Workman.
On-H Killed sergt L II Mathcnew, C)rpi
O S ITar.len, private Y J Blanton. .Wound
ed PJ Pefterson, Prestw Bridges. W J WbH(
L M Hpper, 1. H Y'arboraw, Sidney Liil'
Mining-J S Blanton, A M Crow, J J Diilv
E Brers, L B Scruggs P Hemricks, J I
Hugh. Asa Limrick.
Col -Killed John S Spunkle. Womvl.
cd James T Winhore, James 'Ffinshaw.
Abram Joyner, Anderson IHynes, James R
Chappell. Missing capt S S B.ihannon,
privates Jno II Martin, Nathan Btirge." Pres.
ton Farris, R A Mackey, G W Haynes,
Thomas Norman, Jas Enrage. : Wounded
William Chappel, Martin Yfstal, mortal.
Co K Killed Isaac A Rmdlo. Wnntvlnl
Lfeut A W Stone, private Thos Whitlv,
J C Endv. Afi Marbrv, A Vanh y. J P T.ri
brt, D W Rosrers. D A Fry, Aaron Furn, J
F Mclutire. Missing Lieut P H Turner. '
sergt H 0 Paue, sergt C Furn, privates S IT
Austin. Jas Crowel, J M Coley, G W Divi
LA Furn, RdJing UarwootL E W Hatch
cock, Wm Uinson, J M Towdtr, W G M-rtnn,
I muel Moore, Bri Hon Park e.r, J M Smith,
E B Smithi C Shottlf and W F Swaringcn.
Killed 17. Wounded 88. Misuog 102.
The above is as near correct as oan be
made. In the list ot missing, s very largs
portion of them are prisoners. The regiment
was flanked and surrounded on the morning
of the 12th, and could only escape by cutting
its way out. The regiments on tho If of the
28th were broken by the enemy, which caused
the regiment to be entirely surrounded. Tho
officers and men of the regiment havo never
acted more fjallantly, or dono any better fight
ing than they have done in this campaign.
No officer has failed to bo at his pot. iu all tho
great battles of tbe present campniun. I
cannot say too much in praise of tbe men and
officers of this regiment.
W. II. A. SPEFiR.
Lieut. Col. Commd'g.
Nnfih Carolina papers please copy.
CASUALTIES IN THE THIRTIETH N.
C. REGIMENT.
Co A Wounded, color-scrgt Wm Penning
ton in bend; private J M Kftlly. in hand.
Missing, corpl W F. Bas, privates R McKiu
scy and L W J rimson.
Co B Wounded, Peter Buff, in arm : I
II Nenl in leg; M S Pegrarn, in font. Mis
sing, srgt J D Shcarin, privates Isaac Rig-
gan.
Co C Wounded. Reuben Smith, sliirht in
hand. Mis-int Robt 1 lick man.
Co) Wounded, W H Moore, severe in
shoulder ; Walter Edwards, slightly in breast.
Missing, R TI B Thomas
Co E Killed, sergt J W Well. Wound
ed, privates B W Bostick. severe in Imoo; J
W Cavenangh, flight in knee ; Adin FiVans,
slight in bead. Missing, J W Bray.
Co F Killed, sergt .W T Whitrhurst.
Wounded, capt W M B Moore, severely in
breast; corpl R R Piftman, arm severe ; nri
vates T R Knglen, Jas Johnson. Riod Pfiillips,
all Resh wouq1 in arm ; Levi Waist cin, breast
slight. Missing, Jas Hath way, W S Crisp,
W Corbet t.
Co G Killed, cr pi W P Sizemore.
CH Killed, Krirt H Morrison. Wound
ed, McLoyd, severe in breast; Jackson Tay
lor, severe in foot; G W Cole, slight, in thigh
Missing, privates W O Cox. M J Thomas.
Co I Misinir, private Wm Griffin.
Co K -Killed, private iSandy Johnson.
Wounded, S L Dickson, in foot ; John (1
Hall, hand ; M-isengale slight in aide ;
D W Miller, do. Missing, Wm Sample, Geo
Dnnn, Wm Bailey.
-
The fo lowing is a list of oasualti?s in tho
First Nrru Caroiiua infantry, Stewart's bri
gade, since Thursday, tho 6th of May : Colo
nel H. A. Brown, dangerously wound'il in
loft lung ; Lieutenant Colonel ,L N. Ho vell,
missing ; Major L. C. Latham, wounded in
abdomen .
Coiumny A Mi.Viug : CipUiu T.
Johns ni. .'Wounded: LiciiUMtaut John
Morgan, in lev'.
. Company B Killed : Lieutenant L.
L.
A.
J.
Curtis.
Jonipany C Wouiidel 'Captain W. 11.
Thompson, slightly in head ; LieutenubfChai
les. " Missing : Lieutenant McMillan.
Company l Wounded: Captain Williamson,
in breast. Killed ; Lieutenant Howard.
Company G Missing ; Captain N. J. White
hurst, Lieutenant J. A." Latham, Lieutenant J.
M. llarget.
. Company II Wounded: Captain A. Mir.rllr
in head. Missing : Lieutenant John M. Guithrr,
Lieutenant J. B. Cotlield."
Company I Mis.Vtug: Captain Fowler, IL
Heartsficld, Lteutenaut Carver. Wounded :
Lieutenant Patterson, seriously in head.
Company E Missing: Captain W. II. Day.
Wounded . Dr. C. E. Branch, mortally, since
dead. .
MARRIED.
At the residence of the late David Clegg, on
the 11th intst., by Rev. J. B. Martin, Mr. Ouadiau
Farrar to Miss Ann Eliza Ci.eo, all of Chatham
coantr. wit
KUXAWAT SLAVE.
f riAKEX ap and committed to the jail of Gait
X. frd county, some time bark, a a runaway
slave, aiid who call himself JOIIX, and says ho
belongs to lor. John Dancy, in Tarboro', dge
comb county, N. C. He is blaek complected, tivo
feet eight inches high, looks to be abont 22 years
old ; will weigh about 145 lbs. He rays be was
hired out in the western part of N. C, when he
runaway, lie says he thinks he ranawaj last Au
gust. Ilia clothes worn out and he nearly naked.
The owner of aaid boy is reqested to come for
ward, prove, property, pay charges, and take
him aw ay, or he will 'be dealt with as the law di- .
rects. C. A. BOON,
SherifFof Qnilrord county.
May 16, 1864-w-17 tf
$50 RKWABD.
T ANA WAY FROM THE SUBSCRIBER ON
.tV th Uth of Fobruary, a NEORO WOMAN.
Haid woman is abont 30 years of ago, complexion
black, height 5 feet four inches, and has lout her
right breast - by a cancer. Suppose fthe is try
ing to pass herself off us a free woman in the
neighborhood of Knap of Reeds, or Tally Ho,
Granville county, N. C. The above reward will bs
paid for her delivery to me or eontnement iu jail
so that I can get her. SARAH K. ROSS,
-: p l 57-w4t Durhatns 8 tat ion, N. C.
Lead Mine Interest for Sale.
I AM DISPOSED TO BELL MY INTEREST
in the WYTHE UNION LEAD MINE COM
PANY, notwithstanding the property is thought
to pay a heavy per centum to the stockholders.
I invite gentlemen of capital to examine tbe prop
erty. Hr. Wm. Kohler. the agent, will give all
the necessary information, or they can call and
see me at Hickory Grove or Poplar Camp, in
Wythe county, Va.
' mh 26-52-dtt-wU A. N. CHAFFIX.
i ii H i
CANIDATE FOR THE IlfUSLATl RK.
P LUBBER W. GBKCI, Co. K, 1st N. C;
Cavalry, respeettaily offers bis services to
represent the people of Warren county in the
Hoase of Commons of the next LcgisUrure.
Elation first Thursday in August,
may 11 !5-wtdeJC3a3