. 1 r i . -T-
Cpeeek Concluded)
them; property ii derira
It, there is no more possiu
tar)Id Union and reii
weretmr years ago, that
, B
rapthe scattered bones I
ii - ttb atrsggie- frrf
ry to toe other, reclotbis;
filling thair veins with blood tn J
so
use
b
y tot tteir lung witn tl
wlrtrfcthar Breathed cot In
tmtrys tnxmp h and in
Sd'sppLtatc.)
id Birn
POitio J w'JO nereiya pnjri ju
uil nstitibiona agreement : it was
bot nerely a physical
Xtf- I Th cesacat of confidence
i Ion as. The tendjau
al mm.2 pwr goni a i
common soil, of nati
wUk past glory, wreathed its tell
i " " wjtWUU lair. ' xiees inis
evaTv?. f1t exist nw 7 Is has gone f
r tt dlPPrti boeaUi the fiery n
j , . , tliaa traanxaVd car fair holds i;
-.;.IwOB- H Is lost in tie smoke of burnia
J .1! 5 -U tatted of so" more br the heart!
rTTT now 3i heW wi th charred rafieij
. w.Vr1 .ders af the familr alter. The blood
jy avo; das; op ta bones of nr ance
""T fcn the sacred losU in their aeuiw
Y?Ln0trniP o resurrecu awaken it into rl
r " rCheen.1 It has finally rnl
L r """p t by the wembers of the Coil
V-? f O Usfited States who hare recorded tkl
iBeralJintewt of extern tatior the people
T' fS swd supplanting tlen by a better rad
we Lie mxk,J a better race !
ue piou mother nrav that her children ma:
T ''roaifht to asiociate will the men who makl
irr rd of God contraband of war? Will t
'n. ek to rire the brotberhr kiss to the mn-de!
i n.s Uther, the outrage of his sister, the slsuefc
,r.r Thil Pepl, tho desolater of his land ? N.l
M'etae faintest spark of manhood glows in LJ
. . another a?peet cfthe q'nestiontowhicj
wi-a to call your attention, and one which dd
WfT much Ccn.q.ieration. I desire von to marl
v r-diciion. There nerer can be peace on thf
L..ni.nontofXorth America nntii the North anl
jsu are inIe;endent and disiiact natiors.-
waUa siuiAtribnr terror ittolfte hearts ff his ena.
mu-s when they ureamet ther wer irnt finrrfJ
. i u v.ooia nave sacb a peace as Poland bu tr-1aTgt
She 1 ss obtained pesce again and again, bat ssJ
rl.nrlr has Ood drawn a JisUaction between th
I uU and the conqoerorf. thtt ther refuse to mix'
jd hare retain their inherent nationalitr,"
t f.w?h ererr qaarter of a centarr demands for 'it
yar.nfi of bloods For a wb'ile peace would!
re -n in Warsaw, but some act of oppression tha
lit - . - -w
p .I.ostreete. for iteneo. woald cause the r,eonl
- J Uill l . 1 11 1 Ml
f.il over in a frh ohnl.t; r
nli'ing pigs for the delicate palate ct their foreieu
. - a r . , -kj-v . ... aiiviiius
I ill j r i.nfnh . t . r li . . ...
i . - . -
qa-t -rswho tind that fheep -are aiore valuable
lnn men. Like ths Yankees, tbtv propose to
9 ipvl - a "U tttr race." Uo vou su;q. se the
c.jir-'jons 4H.fle of the .SouttrVtitee diitinct
i.!ral natiocality hi? Ion x since been recognized,
v.-nuM nbmit toseall their proud cities garri
';,n! "th nejrro sddiers : to e the lands of
thi- frknArdirided np and paro lled cut iid:r;
'-i-ressrn naereecaries? Do Toa tnipse th
e
x-m ortne- Southern vouth wmJJ run flaietl
v m
lili V
ins when be saw a nesro ollcer walkinir'tha
fireerj aad making his sister givs wav fir him.
or
r in-altingher by his verv presence"? Do vou
"i'l"-? this kind of peace" would long eadarc ?
a o, . asurrectioa after inurriction, revolution
revolution, war after war would burst upon
in runntrr, and fur vsar afler year, centurv
. 1 1?nUr-T' " ia Knropean States, nctim's
W'HM be demanded and blood flow in torrents,
n.p?rejtowbich m d M hava at first
r-mc iuu wruiucui ixat. ins
i.nr ,-s;?j ", wr s u m uvrunce io
fill Ia. v.
ribl WewUl leave -his ter-
bve Jasserf 0 r nr ,5tUe bfTS to MttIe hen we
rHntTV"' aDd nndr cirenmsta'ces far
w - !TnUrt fr l P-
Uonahty!fert1 thir rftt tbeir rce- and
" Vou think fdlow-citi
that
.ns, as a ret nian-
. T.rAtA AJV-a. 1 . 1
Z 1!"! obtain ie pce
itobjcUoa to suchelTorta bfr- m
k-'- vtxu in fai-AWr
v-M lx 1 ' .
it rr.yv;f. an.1
ime to time h
e so adv?.-d the
Ia.
k cur sTrumt.ii t
Wer the olive
ninch of pece ami
n nass.
y, felIor-cii:eus. as
iCbPrjiliPtJ
ifectthatt
lawful a'
Ssjd out bv t
illtU'lAU
J'maA any tffott -o!
nake in 1
x(n and pnUr
in wii. 6&1 i,Li
ai in a lalse po-
s tioi ana a jour cmuk.
i
n injury.
j aouot many of trim have read the
wrfng? of Solomon, JSU "have cmelnded that
' tnon khew a thing or two. I think aroo
. Hie best things be ever 1 aH was tltt-
TV.e King7 name is a tower of strensth. "
II amply meant .that tiose who had law
ai order and ; authority
on iht-ir side.
nh.ch in old timerlral
pTenpd br
' tpe name of the Kinrr. tad a mom! r.
against their enemies an wocld frecerally
JrTail. Tnerefore remenjJcr, in alfyonr in
, vidual efforts to obUia reTef, thitth Kh'9
Ta!e i a tower of strength and that if vou
I pr ceed aofA-rdicg to tte eibiisLed antnorit v
i juu io carry wiuyou litis towerof
von
i nereis acouier ciwfcjeration, - feaowiti-
talk anj-jrwatsiep of this oh.Uit we Ki,m "
bne our action U.rin the right jitiud: we
!tid not put ourselves in a false p.itinn.
Sow, if t ne of yon shoui undertake to ad
dress a SUtaCAnvcntioii- vfcat Teann w n'd
y-H, give if justify a scarat,on fritn thft
N'Trthem Confederacy? fVta bear a cat
dlsaid about tie tendeh-y of the military
authorities to OTersUugb U cirilt abr.ut hQ
ttagyuct violations oi faithl xi fte lart of ihe
Confederate Government is conscribintr n
1-uKipiesoi sucstitutes, uiuii you ar,
werv uod kctue peactltiq had broken n
givuuai xou say iika great outran
tnay be so. Bat who? Enounces up,,
olationrfiaw? Yourfc?eS, It is not fo-
dT It Lt nnk for eI tn m. it .
to SIVY : fltHivei-tion mo
t deterauae; it i9 for JkU Quarts to decide
being no Supre?SVaTt d iheCn
y, (so much thUwU io Ja)the in-
retation sJbelawsjr nn-ress is lft ..
own iudses. men r own cK.v-.
t is a Violation fir t V, 1 ynur fe,;"
aoy and cot a. siiigle JXrT man who . a
-VAub6fctute hsl larrie.1 fro the
lJur ooTfmor cau
P f it is decide
tordipjr to law, be dOTgo, if I c,E com
Sl But let us see hOnuch coasjKter.rv.
ry vf: f Ta 'Hi in is
tlemci.u early
law can aj.,..
ksfwiliKechil-
rfcamT!
rraf V i TT
Me sen eflocted by orerpowf rinp a pa
Mtu.:aan pnttinjr manacles npoa his limbs an
throning hiiaintua dangeon. Such a peace a
ill
sn l a torr-nt rfKiJ - i t w-e simmering and frjin,r, and the
a, -a t. iwtnrli Y:"??,:, r,-, TV Pretty brown, to !-ok over into th
1 U r-eoUanJ hold TouT to the "btS" tat obS l. A ?r' We might
-id "ierJ J ( r ?u' ii'IS -ud enough to get back into the nan, htit as t
raei onTbef. "J 'Z IIE Arplj-V .nderrimcnt,! Seward boasted
'n, ti MJ ohtam continued feace-and I want
fiJhi iT"? to fisht U 0Bt (Applaa; to
ana .r:0tD,ow',rGikt we hive a pvmnint,
L. , It, J nd. prions armiei ia the Held If we
we
i.vXWu
."iiengxn, wucn win accomplish mceJor vna
-'th.ia uj revolutioisary or uS-oonsiden-1 r"i,n-
lht couM possibly be derived amongst von
1
f
MM
I
m
IT?
tuerac
a
Vn .IV
P
WjftedlaiHl
X Kid was
laf V raise a
Jv Pry tnan
A rchbor,
JK V hving,
W ght
i lan-
c J ble
0 Jiome,
y.haa
pmp-
Joney
jler for the be eli of. th man who bays him--
if out tf caoger. (Laughter.) Aly re
arks are not in tended u' apply to all princi-
als of substitutes, fur maoy of tbeoi have
n compel ltd, one teDth perhaps, to act by
rce of urcurostaoces. But you know that
ine-tentbsof them are either speculator, or
initial secessionists who helped to bring on
is war, and are now tryingito j,et themse.Te
t ot it by hook r crook, (applause.)
I heard of a irentleman. who. to iret rid of a
hcFg'r's imporiunity, at length gaTe him twe
luarter3. . About oue o'clock in the morning he
as aroused by a great banging at the door.
t)u going to see the occasion of the unseasona
ble visit, be found tne fellow at the door. " You
gTe me two quarters this morning." "Well, are
you not satisfied!" -No, I aiu't; oue of 'em
waa a slick quarter, and I came hene to collect
the 'totherfiTS cents." fGreatUnirhter t That
I fellow had rather a small soul, and I was going
" jr was ue meanest man i ever hearu of.
But I happen to kmow some fellows who were
o red hot for the war, that had yu thrown
them into a branch they would have fizzed,
(Laughter.) now that fighting by proxy is
played out, aay to some Convention man, "old
fellow you have been right all the time; turn
down the sheets quick, we want to get iq bed
with you. (Cheers and laughter.) I know
some men wLo were the most furious war men
at the start, who were for giving the last man
and last dollar, (provided they didn't happen
to be the one individual, and the dollar come
out of the pocket of any other man) until the
question begins to come home, and now It is
amusing to see the whites of their eyes turn up,
and the palms of their hands begin to sweat, and
their Knees beat the long roll on the appearance
of the enrolling officer. "W can't stand it.
It is a violation of faith. The agreement was,
to fight entirely by proxy: It will never do.
We must go out ! " Laughter and applause.
If it is not a legal outrage, let the men who
put in substitutes go to the war, and be thank
ful they have not been shot during the last two
years. "Good; hit 'em again."
There is a great deal said about the dansrer of
the military authorities overcoming the civil.
Weil, 1 scknoTi lede all that. There is danger.
UiU there was never yet a wer whore the same
danger did net arise,' and especially a warlike
oars that Uzes the whole energies of the people,
that permeates every strata oftociety, and is the
sle business of the day. We may forget, in the
midst of thepomntand circumstances of war,
that we have civil right and constitutional liber
ties. X hare striven against this danger as much
as any man in the country. W must all strive
against it. But if we undertake to go out of the
Southera Confederaev on this account, and to trn
1" ,.
' . " w tue F" pruice, iu njioe ieant
under
coals
be
is
to
and arrest any man in the t nsted states, and
io man dare enquire why or wherefore. He lias
rftte! editors in al:::oit every town in the
"orth lor a simple exorcs-toa of ooinion. Ilr-
t'St'ed VaUaadighaia, tried him by a military
ou' t. m open violation t the constituttoiu ana
jiii.-h-?d hiai. I hartllr think we could find much
r;eition for civil lioerty'in the doininioi of
ibrahim the First. There" is talk of the writ of
'iltat t-oryM-being suspended in the Southern
:aies. t understand it has already been suspn-l-1
by Congress ; but the suspension of this writ
av not be in contravention of the Constitution ;
r the ciurti have decided that Congress chu sus
.nd he writ within certain limits. I hold in my
.-nd a copy of the Raleigh Progress containing an
rude written by one of the first lawyers of the
nd. The language of the (jocstitutinn referred
w. Art. I, cc. y, Ja clause, as joiiows :
'The privilege of the writ of habeas eorpn $hill
t be suspended unless when in cases of rebellion
- invasion, the public safety mayreqaire it."
-u:iuentng on this he says :
These gentlemen, in the ardor of accomplishing
;i" favorite scheme of conscripting all men who
five put in aubstitutes, have overlooked what we
-'e sure they migbt nave learnt ot wny "petty
jJre" in the land, namel y : that the suspension
the writ "is limited to fence," (either actual
t suspected,) "endangering the public safety.
I i-oni:ieat of tfcUr or tf ipecte'l njftHiUr.'
Uad forbid their release, while tho exigency lasts."
rtter mjuct or Hjra fe'.r ;i!e tn-J
Iv person as to whom the privilege of the writ
l ue constitutionally susnenacu. ui tins cnarac
was the bill lor its suspension in the tiiui-s of
rrs conspiracv. A verv few words will make
rs perfectly plain. The power to suspend the
it is given only in cases of invasion and re-
lion ; and m tnese only, wnen "tne puo:ic safety
Ly require it."
i tiie it f r granted no mjn ot any le.U
wlcJge will dt'tiy thit. I regret to see the
p.-usi-n ft the writ. It is eviileji-e of
"i'g txsMti somewhere titl.cr of a dv
upon tin: pait of the goven.inent to a-
e.iy more authority th;m ln-Iotigs to if, or of
(Mteof aC'airs in wne pans i f the country.
: argues ill. But iu tlie nau:e of cr nii:o.-j
if we ar a law-abiding people, if we
iin! the Kirk's rr- me ;is a tower ot .-t; ntii,
j must ut make a coinr.it ti-n liccause a
t has be:ii enactetl which . ur pries ;ui-
.nnte as witbin the limits ot the Umwuu
!ti oi. the country that we h.:ve sworn to
fstp.)rt. We Miight to be willing to staad
'iloonr own Constitution and our on laws
Irii :r it 1
ur.ry are improper, " y rn uara upm
ult ns instruct our Keorercuiative to re
t4 4".'m and give us better ones. But are
th- iuing any letter in Mr. Lincoln's citu
try? 1 Pr 6d Kentucky that e used to r -
fjari Is a most chivalrous iinippv-ndpnt JState
uimLh k to te neutral. It dfdared t?iat it
take no part in the qurarel. I: it Mr.
ill S oii liiraMieu lieuir.imy .i
. 1 J . . . I . a
Ken
L made her furnish her quota
iiicn,
i I the
e slo
came
ubicred her to her sliaio !
of the jioverrment. ion ti
ection tor uoveruor oi ii .;ai
I'wo canlidate were in tho lieM--iKih
ni- but one of them oppo.--.j tn
a o 1 1 '.ion policy of Lincolu's adin:.i:is-
i.
iudividn.ii by the nme of Buniside
;iirn-.e A. J. lurij.-MJe I ha. I the
f 1 id M II 1 t It..... .? ..... ...
tlfiiirn 1 lii'UHt ni:cfi tmii to
jf cnipiiueots witlr Iiini. f h id an
cnaX-mei t ato:.fc mas. uuio im n;ui to -i.t
the interview niiher short. (Lamrhtcr.)
WVTtiet!. A. E. Buruside. af..resiid, w.-in
Kentjkv aU'iit the time of the election, and
TrtH:l.i iieu ii arnai mcummroiaie.
No.v Uliere is a great oun-rence jietwi-u
the siieiisin i the wnt ii h-Ma corjm
i ct-i bin cases, and the extei.i n f m tr
ial lW iver a State. The former tkes
foirui
tnce cf a certaia c.assrt higo enmes,
1 I - a- . -I...-..-. .. .1..
auctions of the mmunitv. When
law is proclaimed. all civil hws are
it i pit ; j r.i.izen
can tio notLm-; wifh-
e co ismt of the r.i! itary ;
cau
r
w skin a iuato or lat.c -.i ci.- i tiv.
skm a iHato or tahc a c(.-
without permission f the
lmvnt
"(I -s t-r-lns
fiist
! Hiicioneof 'tin. ilvri:!-
in uik vasun reieirea i
liniii. marshal law I need not rca-i :
6thJL)ivi.i 'xIStu Aaxir dip
Columl-iss, Ky.,-July 29, 1803.
(lnra' Ordtr, Xo. 47.
hat' nu furth'-r doubt may xist as ir t'oe
it prrt and HM-aningof SpeicaJ Orders Xo. 139,
i e.1 Headquarters, 16th Army Corps uly
11 it is onierrd that no person shall lo
x uiitel t be rtMl f.r, or be a candidate for
of e, who h?Ts l-et n, or is now under arrvst
or souls', by proper authority,, for utteriug
du ova! language or sentiments.
bounty Judges within this district are
he eby ordered to appoint as Jndgas and
fjl ks of the ensing Auguat ekctioa, only such
pe loss as are avowedly and unconditionally
for iheGbion and for the suppression of the re
bel inmiod are farther ordered to revoke ami
recill Ly appointment of Judges and Clerks
lftdyimade, who are not cuch loyal ersons,
Jtdsf-g and Clerks of; elections are hereby
orderlnot to place the.nama xf any person
Qpuit tk, poll books, to be voted at said election,
ho ia iit avowed! v and unconditionally for
the fjoio and the suppression of the rebellion.
be opposed to furnishing roenjind
f i .ie,
States ; that I have hot been engaged in the
service of the so-cailed -Provisional Goyern
tnent'of Kentucky either in a civil or mili
tary capacity; that I have never, either
directly or indirectly,' aided the 'rebellion
against the Government of the United States
or the State of Kentucky ; that I am uncon
ditionally for the Union and the suppression
of the rebellion, and am willing to furnish
men and money for the rigorous prosecution
of the var'against ihe rebellious league known
as VieJ Confederate Stales ; so help me God.'
Any voter, Judge, or Clerk of elections, or
other persost, who may evade, neglect or refuse
compliance with the provisions of this order,will -be
arrrested and sent before a Military Commis
sioner as soon as the facts are substantiated.
By order of Brigadier General Asboth.
T. II, Harris, A. A. G.
From this you may judge whether your rights
wonld be better protected in the Northern govern
ment tbaa here. Ii every man who has assd aay '
abusive language, towards Jeff Davis and the
Confederate government, was subjected to th s
test, how many men in Wilkes county would
now be cut of jail? Why, instead of addres
sing you here as freemen, I would be talking to you
through the bars and andressing you as my suf
fering fellow-citilens in jail. (Lauthter.
The taking of the above oath is equivalent
to swearing you nre for the Union happen
what ma. Though stripped of home, property,
wife, children, friends, liberty, character, reputa
tion even though your legs and arms are cutoff
by the government, and there is only enough of
your body left to retain the oath, you are still .
for the Union. We understand what sort of mea
held the polls in Kentucky.
Not only is this villainous oath the condition of
exercising the right of citizenship, but a refusal
to take it is the signal for arrest and incarcera
tion in prison. This is the course pursued by the
government of th.United States in a State which
they claim as in the Union and do not admit to
have ever been in rebellion. Is it probable a State
that had resisted the Lincoln government so des
perately as has North Carolina, would fare much
better in the old Union than does Kentucky t
Hardly. The demagogues of Kentucky deluded
Jier with the idea ihat she could stand off with
folded arms and see the United States and the
Southern Confederacy fight it out; as if one
could remain in a government and excuse himself,
from all the burdens thereof ; as if a man could
remain nqutral whilst war, desolating, furious, in
vfdving the life of a great people on one side, and
the division of a great territory on the other, was
raging and surging before his door, and expect to
escape the common late and the destruction inci
cedent to such universal commotion. They are
reaping the reward of their folly. Let their ex
ample be deeply pondered. .
There is a great complaint made about the
impressment of property. Well, impressment
is a very hard' thing to bear, and it is fre
quently executed by men who have neither
sense nor discretion nor honesty, and are only
kept out of jail and the lunatic asylum by the
assistance of impudence, brass buttons and a
little brief authority. (Voices, that's so )
But what are the eviis of impressment here,
compared with the system of tho enemy in
Kei.tucky and elsewhere.
As witness this ; .
Headquarters 23d Army Corps,
Lexingion, Ky., July 2U, 1863. J
General Orders, lo. 14.
For the informant n and guidance of officers
in impressing property, it is hereby directed
that, whei.ever its impressment m.iy become
necessary lor troops ot tho Twenty-? hird army
oi ps, it will bo taken exc.usively from rebels
arflreb'l sympathizers; and s- long as the
property m edtd is to be fount! belong i or
periaiiimg to either of the above named ci.is.4
es. no man of undoubted loyalty will be mo
lested. Among rebel sympathisers will be closed
those persons in Keutucky, nominally Union
men, but opposed to-the Govertiineut awl to (he
prosecution of the icar, whoseacts and words alike
hinder the speedy and proper . termination of
the reballion.
Property will only be taken by the proper
staff-officers, who will in every case give t-tceipts
for it. Appropriate blank receipts will be fur
nished by the Chief Commissary and Chief
Quartermaster at these headquarters.
Uy command of
Major-General IIaktslff.
Gko. B .Drake, A. A. G. " .
1 could feiatauce the same thing in other
Spates. .
Suppose a similar order was extended to North
Carolina by the Confederate Government, what a
clamor there would be. Almost every man in the
State would be strapped of his property, because
every man has some objection to make to Mr.
Davis' admfairatidn, especially when its own
friends criticise it so freely. Now, could vou
make your property any wore secure by trus'ting
it in the hands of this despotism tuat has set at
defiance every principle of justice, every article
of the Constitution that stood in is way; that
has regarded neither the voice nor rights of citi
zens or communities ? Would it not better for
you tostand'at home and sustain ths arm of your
own Judges and Executive ; encourage them to '
preserve your rights as far as possible in the iuidt
of a great, all-absorbing and desolating war ? As
a matter of course you could not hesitate to make '
choice ia the matter.
Good old liunyan who vrrote the Pilgrim's'ro
grets, by Macaulov pronounced' the greatest
allegory in the English language, places the v.il
ley of humiliation just oue short stage ahead of
the valley of the shadow of death. There is a
deep significance in. this metaphor. When a
great, gailar.t and -glorious people, with arms in
their hands and able to potect their rights, hum
ble themselves into the dust for the sake of ease,
or do any other act whatsoever of humiliation,
they are just in advance, my friends, of the vallev
of tiie shaeow of death. (Applause.)
If you have with one of your neighbors a suit
in court, and wish to effect a compromise, and he
finds out you have no witnesses summoned, -he
will nonsuit you. But if you take him aside and
say, "John, this suit has hwn roing on. a long
time ; 1 am mighty tired of it and I know you are.
I cau make you pay the costs, you know 1 can- I
have all my witnesses and' papers ready, and if
you have anything to say for compromise I am
ready to talk wiih you there is hope of coining
to terms
The moment the enemy find the people of
the Southern Confederacy have laid down their
arms, and the living barrier is removed from
ihe pajii of t..t-ir conquest, they will increase
their demands, they win rise in their price more
rapidly than thy merchant m the &uth,
where we can't telegraph hist enough to keep
up with the market. . (Liughter.)
If you want to liegtttiatu with a ruffian, vu
.must lit id your veajM-n in your hand. If you
would negotiito with a brutal and uuscrupu- '
lous !', do not disband your armies; do not
discourage ihem ; keep them clotlicti fed
throw forward your skirmishes, draw up in
hue of b;ule your batta'.lious ami regiments,-
place your cannon in positi.m. fiuger ujnu tiie
trigger, ldeJ, primed, ti.o gunners with-"
lint-stock ablaze then, htiid up 3'our oliw
branch, ami y io Mr. Lincoln, we w;mt
peac. what say you V - If he has nothing to
say, then fire, by the gods, lire! (Great ap
plause.) A good ""many people havo gotten out ol
heart. Many men say it is not worth what
for our sons to be slaughtered any longer ; that
the enemy have g. tteu the advautage' ot us :
they have g.u numbers, tney-lu.ve g.jt wenti ,
they have got muniiiofis of var ; sooner or Li
ter the ueak mu.-t come down beiore the stio.ig,
and -we hail better make terms whi.o ueca ,
.and son.
Fellow citizens, we do not know what we can
do until we try. There never was a,waf upon the '
face of the earth, tnat has been, iu nSy opinion, so
badly managed ; but we have, notwithstanding,
accomplished wonders. 'Every body to,Id us when
the war broke out, it would not last six months.
Many of our politicians assured us thev would
wipe up with a pecket handkerchief all rbe blood
tuat would be spilled. W ell, I imagine most of
them have wiped np with a pocket handkerchief
all they have or are likttly to spill. (A voice,
-centre shot.") Why, the Confederate Congress
at Montgomery provided for a loan ot onlr fifteen
million dollars! The Secretary of the Treasury
could not imagine what he would do with so much
money. He must feel greatly relieved now that
there ia no danger of the surplus remaining on his '
hands. No effort wa made to employ the be.-t-basis
of credit a people ever had, oar cotton. If
our army had been dependent on the directive in
telligence of the general government alone, we
wouid have no troops in the field. There never
was a people in such commercial vassalage as
were we to the people of the North. About every
thing we had, except honor, came front the Yan
kees. Jf you called to see a lady, yon found ' her
dressed from head to foot in Yankee goods; the '
-
1803, he drafted thrde hundreu thousand,
and has dratts now pending for five hundred
thousand more, making io all about two mil
lion and thirty-nine thousand men he called
for to send down upon us aimost half as
many soldiers as we have men, women and
children in the CoufedfKiey. Their locality
is about as questionable, if they h ive all
started South, as the passengers on a train at
a Mnash-up described by a darkey, who, was
illustiating the difference between a stage
coach aud a railway accident: "If tie stage
turn over dar vou is, but if de cars runs off
wiiar is you?" (Laughter.) When? are
! hose immense maivcs? If we have actually
whipped and driven back t tsc two million sol-tik-is,
there is ei.couracment to hope we can
drive back all ho can possibly sen.l against us.
lint if these two million of tro.ps have, never
been raised, th'ere is encourageineut to Jieik-ve
Mr. Liueoin is. trying. n scare us by making
a show of strei irth that does not exist, ;nd
L that the North is just as tired of the war as
wo are. So the view, is encouraging irotu
either standpoint.
But we know thera have been immense numbers
hurled against us. Three hundred thousand
troops, aruied,equipped and furnished to the high
est degree that the skill and wealth of the United
States could supply surpassing, in this respect,
any .army that ever took the lield in Europe, and
under seven different commanders, have tried to
march from Wa.-hingtou City to Richmond, and
orer half of the way furnishing wiiter facilities for
transportation, auU theyjare precisely where they
were two years ago. .No. nearer Uicbmond than
they were at th' start. And the bones of the
hundreds and thousands of Yankees that bleach
on the plains of Northern Virginia, if piled in a
row, would make a inacadami.cd road fiom Rich
mond to Washington, over which the artillery of
ihe Southern Confederacy could roll between the
two cities. (Applaase. We know that notwith
standing all the immense levies made recently at
the North, Gen. Meade is afraid of Gen. Lee, and
skulks within his fortification. If he makes no
more progress towards Richmond than he has for
eouiotime past, he will not reaeh that goal of
Yankee hopes before twelve o'clock on Doomsday.
Why, fellow-citizens, it is not worth while to be
scared. -We scare them about as badlv as they
scare us. (Voice. " go it Vance.") Well, I am
going it, old fellow, and 1 hop ; w e will all "go it"
until the war is over. (Applause.) Wlan 1 was
in the arm', and would see a Yankee regiment ap
proaching in.the 'distance, I would estimate the
force at about ten thousand, (laughter,) and whe;i
we took a prisoner he would laugh at our insig
nificant little squad, and say, he was under the
iitpression we were about a million si rung. (Ite
ne wed laughter,) They are a good deal like the
wagoner, who, as he was lumbering along the
road, met a boy in a cart. "Turn out, turn out I"
The boy kept on his side of the roaC "If you
don't turn out I'll serve you like I did the fellow
yesterday,"- yelled the wagoner. " v7ell,"" said
the boy, as he rolled up bis sleeves and prepared
to get down, "how dia you serve him t
He
wouldn't turn out, d-
-n him, so I turned put
mvself." (Laughter.)
Uld Abe thinks be can
frighten us with his big team, but if we only
stand up for our rights, he wll "turn out" him
self. (Laughter and applause.)
Solomon says there is nothing new under the
Sun of which-the modem saying ihat his
tory repeats itself, is but a paraphrase. The
records of nations are full of just uchtnais
as we aic passing through, and combined, pre
sent a panorama ot God's dealings with com
munities and races. We cannot understand
the deep significance of the present. Who'll it
becomes the .pa.-t we will comprehend it,
aud as nlninly read the Workings of l'rovi
deiice in our national affiir, as tho captivo
prophet Ezekiel saw by the river Cuebar, the
appearance wf the likeness of Gd in the
whirlwind which came from the North. I
1 ave iai'h U believe that lie does hot intend
tno blood our gallant boys shed shall be in
vain. It is impiu;y to suppose He will let us
be conquered by such a cruel and wicked tace
as the Jfankee, if we only prove true to our
selves. Our .sous are ' tilled with martial en
thusiasm ; :hey have made a piece of common
burning, that not many months ago was no
more than any other strip of cloth, prothineut
among the world's standards ablaze withglo
ry, and classic in the. history of cnivalric
deeds. They are led by the greatest general
of modern times, bo is nearest the approach
to Washington in ail that is noble and true,
aud on whom is bestowed, universtllv, th
well-earned title of the Christian Warrior.'
(Great applause,
Do youtbink God will forsake such a Chief
tain iuthe people prove true to him? With
such prospects before us, such assistance to
support us, let us not basely conquer t;Ur-el es.
Above ail things do not discourage too men
who have reieu listed for the war tho. great
and gallaut veterans, God bless tlio.n, niv
heart warms at their patriotism. The first
volunteered for twelve months; tno.i were
conscribed f r three years ; were promised fur
loughs they never got ; have had to quietly
witness mismanagement heap far heavier bur
d.nsupou their innocent shoulders, (t: c- gr'eat
. est trial of. ail ;) and yet. when tho hour de
mands it, come up and' agaiu present their
lives a voluntary offering upon the aitar of
their country." (Applause. I have read or
heard of nothing in this war that has given
me, so much encouragement as this evidence of
the spirit of our soldiers ; and 1 a in here, aiy
friends, to-day, to beg you not to discourage
them. If you are out ot spirits, don't try to
dishearten liftmen who are bearing the bur
dens of the war '; who plod their weary rounds
on pieket under .the silent stars, a wayt from
wife, and child, and home, and friends, whilst
you repose safely in . your faatber bed, under
your own roof and in the bosom of your fam
ily ; who amid the red flash of artillert -aud
the hissing dead shot, charge the fearful
hghto, whilst you drive your team afield, hs-
tould not touch a garment made in , the South.
We even had Yankee bmt--r on our tables, and I
verily believe, if it had Jteen - practicable, we
would have orderea hot buckwheat cakes every
morning from Yankee land. (Laughter . ) Well,
the consequence of all this was that when tjj
great war came upon us nobody was ready, and
we were like a great big terrapin on our back,
working our legs ana unable to turn over.
(Laughter.) There was not a pound -of powder
manufactured in the Confederacy. ' Now we turn
out several million pounds per annum," enough to .
blow all the Yankees to the devil, I hope. Then
there was not a cannon cart ia the Confederacy.
Now our ordnance, from the mountain howitzer
to the great Brooke gun that hurls defiance to
the icon clads, ie unsurpassed, and we make more
rifles than we can use.
To show you what'has been an3 can be ac
complished, provided we have aith. in onr
selves, T will telfyou a little of what this
Stale has done on her own hook When I
came into the chair I now occupy and fill with
so much grace and dignity (a laugh) there
were not five hundred suits of clothing to be
tuiind io. the Qar term aster's department. Now
we have sixty thousand suits of ready made
clothing awaiting the needs of our troops
We have'thirty thousand blankets, shoes, &c.
In fact our boys have so many good clothes
i hat I understand they trade them off for.liquor
sometimes (laughter.) Will you set a limit
to our energy alter I tell you among a hundred
other things, that in the little town of Tarboro,
in this State, are made cases of keen, glittering,
surgical intruments, requiring the highest de
gree of mechanical skill in their production.
They will compare favorably with the best
pecimens of European manufacture. Almost
every man I see here to-day is well clothed
in the product of our own looms, and the
ladies, God bless them, look in their home
spuns prettier than they ever did.'. We will
soon be commercially independentof the whole
wo: Id. We had originally, including the
States we claim, a population of eight million
white people and four million blacks. Now
we number not more than five million white
people. How toany troops do you suppose
Abraham nas sent down agaipstus? In April
1801 Lincoln called for seventy-five thmfsand
men. One month later he ca'led for aixty
four thousand. From July to December (the
old fellow began to get scared) he called for
five hundred thousand men. In July 062,
he called for three hundred thousand ; in
August, 1862, for three hundred thousand ; in
ofthe greatest evel1 achieved. It was the best
peace meeting ever held yet, aud. did more. to
inciins the hearts of our enemies to negoiia-
tions. I forgot my forebodings, and, felt
ashamed that i ever doubted, or grumbled at
my hard lot for you must know that I grum
ble aud gowlslike the rest of you.
You tlo not, my fellow-citizens, end jour
duty when you retactantly let your sons go to
the war. You must sustain them there.
When you write to your boy, my friend, do
not tell him how badly you suffer, or that his
wifeaud children are crying for bread. Do not
write that the war is all wrong ; that the origi-
nal secessionists got us into. the scrape, and
that his sacrifices and sufferings are lor noth-
ing. Keep these opinions for pay-day. When
he is oiled upon to charge that deadly battery
and storm those heights glittering with bayo
nets, do not let his steps falter because of the
suggestions you have made that it is all for
naught. Rather let him be inspired by the
reflection that bright eyes are ready at home
to reward his valor ; that loving hearts beat
with pride at the news of his gallant achieve
ments ; that h? is aseisiting in placing his
couutry among the proudest nations of the
world, and he will rush forward to the heights
of victory, and if he falls his last mpments
will be disturbed by no doubts and regrets,
but he will calmly watch his life-blood ebb
away, and with his last breath thank God he
has friends, home, and a country worth fight
iug for, worth dyiug for. (Applause.)
As long as we do fignt let us fight our very
best, and when we quit fighting, let !us quit
bhort off. As long as we do maiutain the
contest let us send every man to the field who
would be of less service at home; and enconr
uge him ; -divide the last bushel of corn with
his wife and children" at home, suffer, endure
hang on manfully,' and if the worst comes,
to the worst, if perish we must, poor old
North Carolina, whose muster rolls will be
her eulogy," will go down as she weut out,
harmoniously, with dignity anti decency, and
evoking the admiration-ot te gods at her for-
titiideand heroism. (Cheers.)
If we ad no other encouragement, the illus
tration Ath which history is foil would sustain
us wi assurance that a determined people
tighti Jr their' liberties cannot b'e conquered.
Y on knVv that in the war of the Revolution we
had greater difficulties to encounter than now
beset us. It is a notable fadt that wewere whip
ped in three fourths of the battles of the revolu
tion. The- enemy took the city, of Charleston,
marched through youth Carolina driving Marion
and Sumpter into the swamps, then into North
Oarelina, driving our forces back into the wilder
ness of Virgiuia, and tben returned to Wilming
ton having traversed two States with the air of a
Conquerer. How far have the Y'ankees penetra
ted thes.; two States ? Our currency is in an un
settled condition at twenty for one, but our that of .
our Uevolutionary forefathers was eight hundred for
.out?. The enemy held every seaboard city, and
indeed almost every city in the interior. Our
armies were repeatedly "scattered. The people'
were whipped but 'they would not bv-lieve it, and
in tins faith, through seven long years of blood
and sullWi inn, they finally prevailed.
How stands the case with us. The enemy has
sent on us host after host and has not yet taken
Uicbmond, Charleston, Wilmingtwn, Mobile ; none
of our seaboard cities except .Norfolk, New
Orleans and Galveston and the hittei he was
glad enough to leave. Instead of being whipped
by an invading army in three fourths of the battles
inugtii, as were our ancestors, wo nave vtmweu
an invading army iu lour-lil'ths of our engage
ments.
There is a rule in mi. itary science that requires
an invading army tt deposit a certain propoi tiou
oi its strengta iu the line of march to protect its '
rear. -New consider the fact that they have ue v
er penetrated fifty miles into the interior of ou r
territory, btund the point where their gunboats
could mass troops and protect their rear. Let
them try to get from Chattanooga to Atlanta.
By the time hey reach there, they will have
dropped cuough of their strength along the line
of march to protect their' base of supplies:, and,
being then in no unreasonable disproportion to
Gen Johnston's army he will fall upon them, and
thrash them like dogs. (Applause.) It is true,
we cannot cope with them ou the .water, for we
have not yet a navy; but it fortunately happens
that the most of this country is cwmpi sed et good
ry ground We have never been much acquaint
ed'with water affairs ; indeed, 1 believe u.ost of
our people prefer whiskey. (Laughter.
The traus-Mississippi has been separated from
us. Well, t lie people over there are lucky, fr
the supply of bad Generals has been cut off, and
they nourish a little better ou this account than
we""do. After three years' war, and at an ex- "
pense of four thousand millien dollars, the enemy
has overrun the .greater part of Tennessee , a por
tion of Missisippi ail(l of Alabama, but lie has still
(ivd hundred thousand square miles to overrun oii
this side of the Mississippi, when, if we are only
ns determined as other people have been in f-itin-lar
trials,' his work will have just begun. Why,
gentlemen, the little country of Holland, not
much bigger than this conty, dug as it were out
of the bcuom of the sea. and inhabited by a heavy,
plodding population, Phillip the second of Spain,
who was styled, in the lordly languoge of the age,
the ' dominator of three worlds," assisted by the
finest army Kurope ever saw, and commanded by
the grandest captain of the age, und. rtook to im
pose the inquisition in this little country, and, to
his great astonishment, it resisted him. Their
cities were burned to ashes, their field laid waste,
the dykes cut und the sea let iu upon their coun
try, and Women and children drowned in their hou
ses; starvation stared them full in the face, and,
in some ii stances, the)' boiled and ate grass cut
from between the tomb stones of the dead; and
they fought and bled, how long do you suppose ?
Three years, as we have I, Seven years, as our
ancestors did ? They fought Philip and the grand
armies o! those of his ancestors for eighty yarn,
and their miserable little country which historians
tienominated outcast by men and gods, finally tri
umphed, preserved its liberties and secured a per
manent peace, despite the efforts of a tyrant who
held millions of men in subjection. Shall we ever
allow ourselves to be put to . shame . by the valor
of those who are -sometime termed, in not vtry
'elegant language, ' the a d Dutch," when we
are pos?-s8cd oi grievances of which they never
dreamed? '
There was Scotland, who resisted the attempt of
the English to subjugate her for four hundred
years, find finally ovei come her enemies, and forced
tbem to accept her King, James the VI, as James
the 1 of Eng'T-h- There was Jhe little dutchy of
Prussia, hard:; big tnough ior Frederick the
Great to try one of his lng-ranged guns iu, with
out shooting over into some neighboring territory.
Well, this iittle country fought the combined
armies of five of the greatest powei s in Europe,
representing a population of one hundred million, .
whilst Prussia had a population of only five mil
lion, for the space of seven years, and finally came
out with her nationality auu liberties unimpaired,
and richer than when she when went into the war,
though during the bloody strife her Capital had
been taken and re-taken "half-a-dozen times, and
i the couutry often tne scene of the wildest deso
lation. Shall we not p rwt in ou;- struggle for indepen
dence, and -add an .'h.-r n iht page to the history
oi the i.i.on.'os of a net? .- againsl despotism.
In conciuunr;. onIo-a -..uizeus, allov me to re
miriu you ot a .ci v. sacred scripture, which I ,
think would suit your ca-se. You know, when St.
Paul went to the city of Ephesus and announced
the tru..- tiod, he raised quite a row with Demetri
us and th'j restol the artists in the plac.;, who had
been actustamed to making their living by manu
facturing shrines for the Goddess Diana; and they
were about to massacre Saint Paul for his inter
ference w:;h their profits. At the height of the
excitement "which was ab out to break out into
actual hostilities, there appeared among them a
fellow, the town clerk,, whoue name is not given,
and I regret the oinision, for I think he wsa tt e
smartest uninspired man mentioned in Scripture,
who got upon the tour t-ho use tops or thestuuip"
anc tpoke to the people. What ? Do any of ym
recollect the passage ? Ho advised .the people
" to do nothing rih.' "For," said he, "you
will be held accountable -for this uproar.
If Demetrius and the artizans have anything
against this map, the law is open ; let rhem im
plead each other,, the deputies are sworn, and
it shall be inquired of id a lawful assembly." This
is the advice I give you to day : Do nothing r ash
If there is a man in the State of N rtit Carol 1 1 ,
who ha reason to love her people and who sho ua
be ready to make any sacrifice even to the laying -down
of life tor their welfare, it is myself. You
have heaped -honor after honor upon my head, and
jk length testified yonr great confidence by be
stowing on me the highest office in the State
within your "gift.. 1 have presumed on this ex-
pressed confidence to tell you the truth, as 1 hon
estly conceive it to be. I have come among yon
to beg you in the name of reason, of humanity , to
obey the law, to recognize order and authority,
to do nothing except in tbe manner prescribed by
the Constitution, to bear the ills you have, rather
than'fly to evils yon know not of; ia short, like
tbe town clerk of Ephesus to implore you " to do
nothing rash." .
1 have no more doabt about' the establishment of .
tumiAm rff- i f '" -
endurance.. Tb endure is the first lessan of life.
If we are not basametal we will stand the tiery test.
L thank you for the indulgence with which yon
have attended to my rambling remarks, and in
retiring, t How me to express tbe hope aud trust
that ere many months, you may rest under the
shade of our tree of national independence which
has been so freely watered with blood and tears,
while wttbin its leafy branches the white-winged
dove of peace shall tune her soft note to the mem
ory of your loved and lost, who rejoiced to lay
down their lives for their altars andtbeir firesides.
May God bless yon alL
TELEGRAPHIC
REPORTS OF TIIE PRESS ASSOCIATION.
Entered according to act of Congress in the yei
1863, by J. S. Thrashkk, in the Clerk's othce
of the District Jourt of th Confederate States
for the Northern District of Georgia.
Glorlons Sc' from Mississippi.
JJemopolis, Feb. 26.
Later intelligence from Mississippi says Gen.
Forrest's loss during the recent engagements near
Okalana,did hot exceed two thousand, while the
enemy's loss is estimated at 6,000.
- Later in.the evening f tbe 22d, the latter form
ed three separate lines and made a desperate
stand made tnree sabre charges on horseback
each recoiled and were driven back with great
slaughter. Many passed through our lines and
were capture I. The roads are lined with sutlers'
stores thrown away, dead horses and Yankees.
Next morning, Gen. Forrest's command were
too tired to continue pursuit, and Gea. Gholson,
with six or seven hundred State troops arrived
and went in pursuit. Many of the enemy's woun
ded fell into our hands. Among our wouaded is
Col. Barton, of Bell's brigade, severely in tbe
breast. Gholson captured many prisoners, small
arms, sabres, saddles, fcc, and was pursuing their
routed and scattered comrades about Pontotoc.
Gen. Forrest had two horses killed under him.
He killed tw Yankees with his sabre. We lost
as many ollicers as men killed. Sherman's ad
vance bad leached Pearl river. .
FromCreorgla.
Daltoit, Feb. 26.
Iltad Quarter in front of Jfalton.The situa
tion remains unchanged enemy in our front in
force their lines are fctill distinctly seen from oar
signal stations. Rifle skirmishing at long range
this morning.
8EC0N0 DISPATCH.
The enemy have disappeared from our front,
retiring towards Chattanooga, with Wheeler in
pursuit. A dispatch from him, 13 miles this side
of Ringgold, announces the capture ef several
prisoners. The Yankee fotoe is commanded by
Gen-. Palmer.
thiiid dispatch. 1
Daltom, Feb. 26,
Yesterday Stewart's and Stephenson's division,
did the -principal fighting. Breckinridge's . ofd
division partly engaged the ensmy and repulsed
bitn everywhere, when "they fell back on our
right. Some skh inching in the centre to-day.
Two Yankee mounted regiients, supported by an
infantry division, attempted to flank on our left,
and occupied the gap three miles from Dal ton on
the new Lafayette road la.t night. Brigadier
General Smith's Texas .brigade drove them out
this morning. By tho hospital record, our loss
in wounded wJk including tjbl. Curtis of
the 4 1st Ga., three Lts. inGrillice's 6th Confederate
Cavalry, L'ndsay of the 6th N. C. co A,' and Nis
bct's 34 th Ga., co. K. Number killed only 6 or
10.' 1 No. of Yankees.captured 35, including a bt.
Col., one surgeon, and 8 of their woimded. Yan
kee loss otherwise not known, but much greater
than, curs. Out army is eager fcr a general en
gagement. -There is dn'apfircDcnsiou ot the ene
my's retreat to-night.
FOl'tTH DISPATCH. .
T i" NX el II i Li., via Dalto.v, Feb. 27.
The enemy passed through here last night about
twelve o'clock, and probably will not make a
stand this side of Chickamauga. One division of
Hindman's corps has reached this .place. Our
winter cabins at Tunnel Hill were not destroyed
by the Federals. Several unburietl Y'ankees left
on the field. Our cavalry and skirmisher Ad
vancing. All signs of a general engagement has
di sappearcd.
fifth pispatch.
I) altos, Ftb. 27.
Nashville papers of the 23d have been received
They say that it is reported, in Chattaneoga that
Johnston has advanced from J)alten and his lines
thrown forward ten miles. A dispatch from
liuntsville of the 20th, eays ofiicialf information
had been rrccived that the' rebels, supposed to te
Roddy, attempted to cross the Ttnnessee river at
three fords, Lut were driven back by Dodge's
troops. Swarms of guerrillas were reported in
the vicinity of Cairo, 111., burning cotton-gins.
Tbe Foderal force at Vidnlia were recently at
tacked and driven back by Dick Taylor,but the gun
boats came ti their relief and scattered tbe rebels.
The Nashville Union of ths 23d says : Longstreet
has returned from East Tennessee, but is strength
ening his position, and that- he is not such a fotd
as to abandon East Tennessee, the only strajjetic
point from which the rebels can operate siiccecs
fully during the Spring campaign. Mcrcer,'of
the Nashville Times, contradicts the reported
death of Urownlow. Ex-Repre-nttive Bowling,,
of La., died in Wahhingtofa on the 10th.
Foreign adv ices by the Africa reached New
York on the 21st. In the II$je of. Lords, Earl
Derby denounced the foreign po'icy of the govern
mi nt, contending that it wa- imperious and hu
miliating Jo England. The rejection of Napo
leon's proposition for European Congress, and of
his invitation tn recognizc,the Confederate States,
were severely referred to. Lord Manners ex
pressed tbe hope that the government would lose
no opportunity of giving friendly Advice to the
American beligerents, with a view to endingjlbe
bloody contest.
SIXTH DI3FATCH.
- Ii ALTON, Feb. 27.
All Thursday night tbe enemy Was ocenpit-d in
removing their, dead and.weunded. Their Iom is
heavy. They fell back yesteiday two or three
miles ; this afternoon four or five wiles beyond
Tunnell Hill. Wheeler is still pursuing. They
robbed, the citizens of Tunnell Hill and burnt sev
eral housi-s. Pafton Anderson and Bates have
been appointed Major Generals.
From East Tennessee.
GuEEN'isviLL, Feb. 27.
Gen. W. E. Johns captured on the 2'2d, at Wy
man's Mills, 5 miles east of Cumberland Gap, '256
Yantees and thirteen negro"?. Our loss, three
killed and thr-e wounded. The enemy b et five
kill d, an dj many wounded an ong the latter, Lt.
Col. R. A. Davis, of tbe 11th Tenn. Federals, who
was in command of the camp.
ii 0
From Kkhmond lie at jf Funding.
tliCHMOKD Feb. 27.
Funding progresses freely in this city, but it la
certain that many millonsof dollars will be ex
cluded for vast of time to count tho notes at the
various Depositories before 1st April. The issue
of one hundred dollar notes from the treasury baa
been suspended the issue of other denominations
continues as heretofore, except that small notes are
not issued so freely. Tbe new currency will em
brace ail denominations now in circulation. '
'The decline in tobacco reported yesterday was
chiefly on medium and low grades. Prices in floe
that the vessel sunk ou" the harbor and reported
lost in the gale, was the sloop of war Hotisatonic,
carrying twelve guns and three hundred men,
and that she was blown up by our torpedo boat
the whole stern was blowa off. Fire men were
lost, all others saved, The toraedo boat was
commanded by Lt. Dixon of Mobile.
The enemy continue to shell the city.
i . SECOND DISPATCH.
. Chablkstok, Feb. 28.'
Two hundred and fifty shells were fired at tho
City during Saturday and Sunday. Nothing else
new.
From Gcorrlfl.
MaCqx, Feb. 27.
Governor Brown has this day issued his Proclf
matu)n, convening the Legislature in special ses
sion on tbe 10th of March.
W are too much crowded to publish Our Tele
graphic news in detail, ant must therefore 'epito
mise : . ,
From Gen. Lee's army we learn that Mosby am
bushed a scouting parry of tbe enemy's cavalry
near Drainesville on the 27th killing 20, wound
ed 8 or 10 and brought off 71 prisoners-rone cap
tain, two lieutenants and 67 privates and una ne
gro. Mosby 's loss one killed and four wounded.
He also raptured the arms and equipments of the
prisoners and 50 horses.
It is reported that the enemy is advancing from
Culpeper C. 11., ricj Madison, with infantry, ar
tillery and cavalry.
A dispatch dated Orange C. II., Feb. 2Mb, sny:
The enemy's infantry occupied Madhon C. H., IS
miles above here. . .
Tbe cavalry was at Stanardiville to-day, (2?th)
moving in the direction of Charlottsville': Prepa
rations have been made to meet them :
BiCHMoxn, Feb. 2.').
Information received "to-dav indicate Mead's
army in motion. It in believed that the demonstra
tion on Madison, C. 11. is a feint to direct atten
tion from the movement on our right. To-day
about an hour 'after Mail Tsain for Gnrdonsville,
with Gen. Lee aboard, had passed Frcdricks Hall,
a force of kt be enemy appeared near tho latter
places
No further particulars.
The latest advices indicate that the Yankee.
Cavalry are moving on the Central Road at Char
lottesville and Frederick Hall.
Baltimore papers of the 2'th have been received
ft Uicbmond. A Washington letter avs the re
turn of Meade to tbe army of tbe 'Potomac on
Sunday was followed bvreports that tents would
be struck the folhwing,Mondaynd a serious effort
be made to dislodge Lee from bij position on the
Rapidan.
Tbe steamship Bohemia, from Liverpool, was
wrecked off . Portland recently. Several steer
age passengers lost.
The conference committee in the Yankee Con
.gress, on the r .venue bill waa concurred in by tho
Senate, but rejected in the House.
Late a notations of gold 157.
The Ifecla has arrived at New York with advices
from. Europe 4u the 10th. The Danes have re
treated from Schleswig Several severe engage
inents had occurred, with heavy losses on both
Bides.
The Court of Exchequer has dismissed the ap
peai in the Alexandra case, for want of jurisdic
tion. Kuiscll stated in the House of Lords that Adams
had wjthhfld Seward's uifensive dispatch, holding
England responsible for the depredations of tho
Alabama. '-
Cj'A't,'tT,!t F'b. 23.
The shelling wf the city continues vtcady ono
thousand shots thrown in the last (14 hours ending
i ttiis afternoon. Every tning else quiet.
Raleigh Market.
CORRECTED WEEKLY",
BY J. VV. ROUKUS, (UtOCKIl.
. Raleigh, February 26, 18ii.
t n tte iin i tw.
iJ.lVyU.',., ...tfJ.UU jl ill.
BEEF, by tho quarter, ....none.
BEESWAX, i 4 i0 1 lb .
BUTT KK 4.60ej5.Ti?lb.
.CHICKENS, 3.50f4.OO
CORN , ., bOOtl V bbl.
EGK.S, . l.r0 2.(0
KIAMTR ISO 00 V bl.
FODDER, i:i.0(,14 00
HAY..... r... 12.50 yhan.
IKON, (retail) , 2.'0
LARD 3 75 4 00lb.
i-OEASSKS, 15?1.00 gaL
tfAlLS :. 3.00 lb.
PEAS '. 20.00 V buf'
PORK ;. 3.00 .
POTATOES, Sweet IS 00 "tHu-h.
RAGS 15 V lb.
SALT til) V lb
STJGAR 10.00 V lb.
TALLOW,, 3'M(?j'4.0t
From the Obnervcr.
FAYETTET1LLE MARKET.
February 25, I86t.
Baron U. . 3 003 2S
Beef. , : 1001.25
Beeswax ....A.2..10
Butter 3.50 ff 1.00
Cotton 1.50
CdQ'i'C ....... .'. 12 50 6T I Tt. 00
Cotton Yarn..... 20 ft. .17. 50
Diied Fruit - .. 1 0M.1.2S
i:gg 2.00 V do.
Extract Logwood ft OOi (j.OO
Flour. ...J...... lffTi 165.00
FlaxfLHsd : 10 00
Foddur : ll.tiO
Hay 10.00
Shucks 10.00
Grain Corn 17.50vjl8.SO
Wheat 20.00
Rye lR.OO
Oat !.00
Peas 17.5020
nidt-s Green 2.50r..50
Drv ... .4.50 5.MI
Tron Swedes 4.MK.ft.(io
J.jtri . ftoaOO
LeatherUpper . ....15.00
Sne....... 12.50
Liquors ;nrn Whiskey -.AS 00
Apple and Peach Brand v 55.00
Molasses .' 17.50f 20.00
Nails 3.OOM.00
Onions.. ......1 15.00
Psok -....2.25
Potatoes Irish
i5.KK(,2o.fio
Sweet
tt. ('01 10.60
Rice
Sugar f. 5.(0';. 6.00
Soap Family Bar 1.00
Toilet 2.00'
Fayette? ill" 4-4Sheetings Faetorv price
to the State .. 1.25
Retail to others -..1.40
Outsiders' prices - 4.004.25
Srflt -.. ..-25 00
Tallow-
Wool.'. 00
Wayne Connty, orth Carolina.
Court of Pleas and Quarter Sersioas, February
Term, 1864.
Ccnith Jotcs, ")
Heirs It'law of Bcrj. Ie"tion for D"-' ,
. JoncSj'dee'd, j
IT'sippt-aring to the satisfaction of the Court
that John .lones and Je.e Jones, two of the
defendants in thicaue, are beyond the limits of'
the State. It is therefore ordered by the Court
that advertisement t made for fix weeks Faeces
fcivel.v in the Weekly Confederate, a newtpaper
publbhed in the city of Raleigh, notil ving tba
said defendants of the tiling of this petition, and
that unless thy appear and answer the petition,
tho same will b" taken pr. eoi and heard
ex parte as to then. Witness, S. H.' Denmark,
Clark of said Court, at ofhf-e, in Goldsbpro', th
3rd Alnnday of Febraarv, A. P. 164.
5-wtfw. 8. H. DKNMARK, Clerk.'
Lont rprtifirate 6T Stock. Th nntlrr
cigned bas hut the following Certificate,' Nn
1424 tor 500. iU"d to T. N.Cooper, Raleigh,
dated July 2:uh 18U. and aligned orer tn 5a ml
Martin. Every person; is forbidden to purchase,
the same, as application will be made for its renew
al. tfAM'L MARTI X.
.W Salens. N. C.
dee orihiepQaarlcrruMter, Ralclck
February 17tb 1864. Proposals will be ra
reived at this office until tbe 28th lost., lor
th
manufacture of Oil from the Tithe Pea Nats.
Proposals most state tbe price per gallon far th
oil produced; as the Government will require
tbe total produce of oil ss well as oilcwke.
W.'W. PE1RCK.
20-d3tAw3t . Ma', and Chief Q. M.
ja Wilmington Journal. Fayettevllle Obser
ver, Raleigh Standard and Petersburg Register,
copy 3 times and send bill to Msj. Pelrce.