' THE CONFEDERATE.
VaKtlNESDAY, JMY 0, tS4.
W'h-'e Vr'.f-rsbnrg and Richmond are belea-f.r.-red,
at d our worn hut undaunted soldiers
air summing tlerntH.of tho'foe, and broiling
:. -.f t'k inn rl witrli'UT in th-i --
' T
ett-i J the mgnt, in a contest amn trie in roes
f which natien ag-nizes and. struggles for
I if. aco'h'r campaign, not a hundred mil
swv from rfd scenes, is passiug,
wl:r'i i to deride whether, in accordance
v":b !?.c alrrt ni.ivcrsil wih. of well dis-
friroij. the rcsMit Chief Magistrate
. t X rth Or.'IiMa all till out. another term,
f ,' wi tti er he shall j:ive way to the sclf-put-v.-:
.:ii.n...::r. f Mr. Hidden. And this
r i v;-i s? attracting, also, it share of at
ttnt;( U col Ler alone, but over the lines,
as, J amo;.; the Yr.kee enemies.
A New York Tribune of date t'ae 7th of
,li.ri is now in our hands. It is the sheet of
lb -race torceiv, of whom the the English
'..v.g can sctrc-j farrii.!i a suitable des
.! i-!j. I i there is a viliian Tipe for hII in
li e cr h, it in Horace Greely. This
II r i o Crreely thus advocatts the election of
Mr. H'Kdea: ;
4 II: 1-Jrri was a Btrc kiuridge Detaocrat, and
i '..tu'.ii r wir.n the se'-ian conspiracy fioui
L,- f i. lis is very HKciy iu oe eiectta, uo
tr.o vole of the pc-pie at hum
:.i.-d Ur ir.-toft'-e s-ihliers in tae Kel.el
uluI'-s lUvis trenjbies hi tha prtfljot of
li iK'.i' s'ts, rniil ina;S to defrai it by
f r !i;e.ri.s or Jvul ; but
wnt: i trie ;i tla? rhali y once mm ovr
N-ith aroiina, ther wdl f rck'wiijg f-jr
tr.i'si ieni nd thi-ir dra." Iftto Yoik Tri
ivm, June 1th, lbG4.
ilr. 11 1 ' ha luv another org.ia net to
i' !- ! r Lrr-? among or.r paop'o, but tot spread
a J .in:-. oar en fnies the hop that a
i..v,-rr. r is ;u ut to in Mort'n Caro-
ti-.x will Ue tii-ir mead; under whoe
ttie "oil fla shall 'fly ones anore orer
N rUi 0.ruiin ;"' through wlnwo as;eocy, in
th-j Uaa-tiic ol Mr. Ja n-i II; Eferiit," a
i t-h wiil coose ;" when, instead of Pri
d. i IiT , "amther shail till no: his pUc?,
iu; iiif p'act l Prsiideat of us all."
h ar- tli" h jja rrhiah the north is dt
rivii'i, tiruh Horace Grse'y, froi t'uis
p !t:eti cntt-n of Mr. tloldsn. Tn hopea
s; iiir:ii throu'h the army of Grant, arid
::r.-uiate tceir prritnt rffjrts to capture the
0 . t:d of ;h- nation. Tiiis is no;the first oc
r I nn: vr,c'n Hruce (ireely has availed
1 c!:' .Mr. ii lda's name ; or, as ha with
rn -. i:n:iiari;y styles him, "Hrddea V namet
a.
'e" acts, to KJrve th-'cause of sub-
j .ir-iti A i A others besides him yank?
e:.t.i-is, ronco'irajje on their workf slaagU
te au I destruction, mike, avail of Mr Uol--i.c.t.
l'liward lvereit, the siikrn oraLor,
!ii-u.'M."ig o?rr t'&e scarc-burie 1 martyrs on
K. oiy Gettysburg, hailed thiaiiy, whom he
srtlrd thw ''in lp'-ndijnt press," as ualimber
itt; i; artillery."
Tiie W.hiriJt n mixed meetiag, of white
yat.kec3 aad nigor contrabxuds, stylo him
'Jriea i," and a -de for rein'brcemeats, that they
my corwd and shake hands with him. Jy,
the yanke. nFtlal amoo the other thieves in
dtf-olated New'uern, espouses his catiijo as th?
"i i'od of th p-oplf." John Baxter, the
p.irii of iro-'idotv aud lis ipl in treason of
A:dy Jui--rt ii, trans-n'its to him yftukec
rcir; sN-rj, with hi., Baxter's, regards. Yy n -kf-
j-r;? i rs pacing fhrouh the streets of
':r I.: s. and-cioiily cheer him. in token of
tl.tir r upj ort tiHd r.f!j.i.ition ; and a "paroled
niis : er." au honciiibU anl l.rgh-toncd son of
Nur-ij (liro! u. coming back from the pest-
iismMsof ynt'kee captivity, bears testimony
tVat thc open talk anu-ng his jailors was,
'shat Ilohlen was- to brin? the State back
ii. to :!ie Union, aud be military Governor;
and tltath- glorious stars and stripes wre
: 'n to wavt (ivfr the jrive? of rebels and
t. ai-vrs ;' a'td the "pr.ih'd prisoner'' appeals
th.t thi- is rue. to tore rmodred and fifty of
his fe:lov prisoners, for the truth of wot he
s. arid they confirm it. And now Horace
Ci'f'.v. echoing this sneral s!ntimeut ofrir
f r. c-.upre1 tiie candidacy of Mr. Uoldcn
tv i h the "flying of ths old flij once nur;
ov-r North Cirolina," and by the side thcrjof
li.s this threat against thoe who ony
cpj.e tbfir choice "there tcitl be a reckon
in j j or thi.e deeds and their doers."
In the rrrv moment when Horace Greelv is
mh this threat against eur people en Mr.
Ho'.Ws account, he, t latter, is leveliug
ssrfnts agaiuit our Government andii adviss
th peoplv to rise up aud resist its authority
to tkeit5 functioes into their owq hurt Is.
U ull .his c iroer of agitation aud felly, he has
uitrrvi nothing mire insurrectionary than in
h last isue, when hs says the people of tke
two vtioB mast rise up and cvuimaod tke
p. 'ace.' H'w does be propss the people
'..cul l "nif up' ? We coocive his idea, bat
hj dot he not make it more plain? If
it ?re earned out, then, as Harare Greelj
ays. the eld fiig would fly nee mere ever
Not th Oarolinia, " and for her soldiers and loyal
n.rn"thfre would be a reckoning for these,
eecis, aud their doers."
Heath of Hon. W. W. Avery.
Wo ar ib-eply painnl to learn that Hon.
V,". W. Avert died in Mjrj anton, oa Sunday
1 fn in the wound he received in the ea-g-m'rt
between the Burke Honr -Guards
aa 1 Kirk's raiders. This is the last of four
I r-fliers (we bflu-Tc), who has fallen ia this
w.ir. And t be slain by villainous tories and
traitor, as Waightsll Avery was, calls aloud
to our countrymen and the authorities to vi-dt
evp ii all this class and their sy in oath iers,. the
direct TenjeiiDce of an outragrd fjtop'e and
ir ;i.te I law. Atid thajHy of retribution to
a! '. sik-'i will come. We tn.ist reserve to a
c.il tit-rmntnent to par a fitting tribute to the
ani. ry of this distinguished son of North
Crcilica.
"Tli?; Criminal Combination." j
"We are r.ot at ail surprised at the develop- ;
rasnt mradf in the Conservative of Saturday.!
f th? ejttence of this bass and treasonable j
organization. We have t-een in possession of
it oath, forn of initiation, sign and pass
words lir more than a mouth. For more
than a month we have known that the Ut.
Orriu Churchiil w as-one its of members, and
an iiiltia'tr; and we ar just as wtll haf'afid
of the extent of it criminal purposes aad ot
jcts which it hi in vie2v, aj we ais af its ex
istence. We ar ab-e now to state the reason- why
w h;iYe not heretofore-published the nmes,
with all the fa:t iu our possjssion. We were
aware that thera were many ianocQt mi
who bad been deceived and deluded into thi
as?rK.iatior, wUj we belived. would, on bsinj
convinced of their error.and on beinj showa
the true nature of the organization, withdraw
aud expose the iniquitous proceedings. And
we beheved the Rev. Orrin Cnurchill to L
ono of these men. Thre arc ethers also
whom we know, of whom we farmed the hope,
that they too, would make their esoaps from
the contamination, lefore the haud of the
Government should begin to be laid on the
evii doers.
Waurga upon the' public to read this ex
posure f Mr. Cbarchill, and of Silas B?ck
with, Denton Holland, G. II. Holland, J. B.
Long and li. "M. Sugg. There has been and
still is in our midst a band of traitors at;d
tories no other names fit thfir case who
have, tjiken up a plau, or association, concocted
by the Yak?eitor th; inftnois purpose, by
treasonable communication, of aidicg in the
subjtiration of their couniry, and in the rest -
raiin oi rne federal dorninion. lnese con
spirafprs are bound by the' horrid o-'ith wliich
ths fons:rv iliv e publishes. We have a copy
in . tab?tantce of it, obtained from a totally
different source indeed from a different
county. ' ' .
We now warn.a1I men who have been duped
into j-lining this conspiracy, to abandon and
expose it. We especially call the attention of
the citizens of Wake county to the danger af
further connection with it. In Cary district,
we know several one a Migntrate, ' who is
au initiator. If the Confederate Government
and the Confederate people have nerve and
atreugth, they sboul 1 at ones soi9 this or
ganization of traitors and crush it, and also
seize the leaders and punish them.
'The New Firm
It will be accessary for Mr. Helden, or Gov.
Holdsn, as he will then he, ia "settling the
accounts" of his partnership with George N.
Sander, to keep both his eyes wideopeu ; for
Sanders is a shrewd and sharp badness mtn
having swindled every one he has come in
contact with, except the State of North Car
olinn ; which happily escaped through the
agency of Cd. M;Re. Mr. Sanders has
been esablrd to keep up for awhile; but he
is an extravagant spender, on the principle
ef "easy coin! asy goes"; and it i not im
probable that he may compromise, or sell out,
before the articles of copartnership can W) 1
fiiiiicd bftiweea him and Mr. Holden. The
ouly way to preveut this, was to reogaiz? his
claim distinctly, and at ones, in order that he
might know what- Governor Holdeu would do
fer him, if elected. This Mr. Holden has
d ne, by publicly accuiug Gov. Vance of
"breaking his Contract with Mr. Sanders"
Xcvcrihi?!es3 Mr. Sanders may be too hard
run to wait, aud may still compromise. He
offered Col. McRae to retract all the offen
sive slanders h3 put forth against him, for
comparatively a i-uiall sum ; and tke Coh.nel
coaldraadily hava bought him off with"goI
deu chaselas" bjlotijing to Njrth Caro
lina. And then ail lhi pleasure Mr. Hol
den b derived, and will dorivp from the
purchase and republication of the "Life aud
Times of Duncan K. McRae," would have
beeu lest to aim.
L iteiy Sa'iders offered to tak twenty-five
thou-and d'l irs ia g ld for his cImoi. If ilr.
lloUhm would be content with this amount,
u':d s'fHuld settle with Sanders ou the Lion
principle which we have heretofore intimated,
fee wm!d receive $20,000, and Mr. Saadars
$;,000. The cyphe - and ths Treasurer, as we
have heretofore stated.
N w for the libel which Governor Holdeu and
Dr. L-ach cdncocted and pat into circulation,
GjI. rdUi has moderately laM his dimtja
ft $"20,000. each. If then th Governor
H ddea edvtuM receive $20,000 ' .a th set
tlement of accounls witb 'Sanders, . he will
jus b in packet snfScant to pay his shje of
the damage; a:;d our "boaest and manly "old
competitor will be left te-hol l tha ba : tin
less, indeed, he and. Gov. Holden should real
ize" something by the sale of tha '"Li a and
Times ; in which cass there would be neces
ily a "settlement of accouatt" bftweeti thera;
and ia that evrnt it will be necessary fer the
D .ctor to watch out.
Altogether, he re U aite a wonderful extract
Crone the "oder oi Xtvai -SUra." -
" Walton's Case."
The Supreme Cburt of this State, has af
firmed the constitutionality of the Conscrip
Uoa laws ; as alsa of the case rendering liable
the principals of substitutes. The decision; of
the Court is i?$dered from the majority
Judges Battle and : Manly concurring Chief
Justice Pearson dissenting. . .
The St. Louis Democrat of the 4ih iost.
savs that " Capt. Jas. Y. Alawo. of the rebel
army, nephew of James M. Mason, the rebel j
commis.ior.rr in England, who has twice been
pxmled to the limits of the city, was arrested j
Thursday -evenirz in the act of skedaddling t
far Disi. hari-vT iQ his possession a letter in
cipher, concealed in his veat. He was placed i
in Myrtle strtet prison for safe keeping."
"The Ciminal Combination."
We he iorod taio ukteeajily an 1 vonon-
oun reptile to uncoil and to lid at length ex
po4! m all ifs'deforraity to the public gar ;
and this to, ;n the brst p ssiMe manner by
the repentant c rtfesian of honest but deceived
,ard missuided me, who hae been aluced
ito its secret. precincts have beeome aquviin-!
Ud with ira nark aud crin iaal purposes, have
b?en start!! by it .fearful reveladans, and.
orerburdeued witb the dread r-fpon.-ibility
have sought relief by a open enntesnoi and
exp.suy. Whoever will read the ttifmrnt
of Mr. Caurchili, will be ua'ti. fi.-d of its trath
fnlness. This roan "thought of hi bravo boy
Eghtiag for his country ;" ad when he re
membered that this association wts for the
purpe of taking protection frbm the -van-kee
murderer after he hatl paased ever the
dead holy f his son ; when he reflected that
it was to effect the escape of yankee prisoners
by which this army of the enemy' ires to be.
recruited to fiijht his son again ; when he re
membered that it was to facilitate and aid de
sertecs, by which our army was to be reduced,
in order to Le beaten ; w ken he reflected, more
thau all, that ruch an association was treas
on to his Stale and country, Mr. Churchill
determined to escape frem it ; and as he had
been insirumeutal in getting men into it, so
Le determined to U5S his iuHueneo to extricate
tkens.
Hence tis statement, and hence the solemn
stateoient of five otners, made under oath bo
fere a nsiagistrate. We-know others who are
more guilty. Here in this town of RalpSh.
there is a nest of as infamous toryisej aad
treason, as Ctaliu produced in Rome, in tbe
days of the consul Cieero. We know rhr
thev hae been in ths habit qf meeting for
although they profess to abhor tke idea that
the "king's name is a Uwer otstrengtk," they
are not so averse to a king as they affeet.
And we are told ef a preacher here in Ralcigh
who has been a prime initiator into this nefari
ous Susiuess; and if nu n a man could get access
to our soldiers by being appointed chaplaiu to
onr Hospital, what a dreadful influence might
he exercise ia the army. Look at the oath
which these traitors take:
"I will aever reveal the secrete." "I will
cot speak evil of a brother but will give
him timely notice of all approaching danger."
No, who is a B bother of these "Heroes
of America?" If any ene will read the 2nd
chapter of Joshua, they will find tbe history,
of the Sjiea who viaited Jarcno ef their es
eape, threagh tbe instrumentality of Rhab
the harlst ; and in the Gih chapter, is the pro
tection rendered which was thereupon prorn
ised. This refercuco, . together with the
'pafcswer 1 ued by thorn, when asked what must
we' look for "a red and widte cord' siz
tdfiVd that the enemy have a like organization
iu nidation with this far common purposes.
The givirg of tituely. notice to a Wothe-r ia
distress, implies the duty to conceal and fosf-r
rpics of the euemy to facilitate the escfcp of
tboaeof tbeui who are prisoner , and to aid
dsciteri.
We are aware ef the fact, from g.od author
ity, 'that the er-emy un.lertod th4 signs,
for sotiift of their pri)nrs roapoudod :o them
a few days since. We are iafornrd, also,
th.t tS.iji body of tries, have in this State
three lines of cmmanicalMH with tie caemyt
by which they have carried on thrir correg
potidence one by way of Weflon t the
ese'my's steamer that formerly pli 1 on the
Roanoke and . Chowan ; at-olbV, by way of
Wilmington, and the third over ths moun
tains; and we shou'd noi Vesurpiised if td
correspondence should reveal startliuj facte,
whenever ex poaed.
We are furtlier informed, that there was a
- e
purpose, in the event Burwide. had landed at
Plymouth, for thsse bands of tr.itr to have
risen up and wade com an on cause with hi
advancing forces.
And now, what does the Government, and
what do tha people mean to do with tfeis
secret, diabolical foe ? As yet we are strong
enough to crush them. A hard disaster to
Gen. Lee would make them our misters. Tkat
such an as ociati n 'is criminal, and its mem
bers liable to mdictment, thero cau be no
question. We tbmic there is evideaoe to
convict som of them. Iet the law thc- tke
hold of the . Ir-adrrs.- Let ihe chi?if initi itor
here ia this town be arrested. Let the man
b arreted nt whosf hou.-.e the mooting- have
befn held. "Ah4ii th law Oegin to act, 'h'te
H -
will come forth additional " proo1" e.ioh Uv.
Th District Attorney will find info man.. n
abundant-" We" ha ye been told of a magis
trate in Cary district, ami several ci'tiz ms who
wUh to make comuuiji-ati -ns. Lt hena
come eit at once, and do so n w, lefire th
.law begins to work. Theso Ooeieties' extend
to" Guilford, Randolph and Davidson. The
yaokreJ who cheered Mr. II dlcn were no
doubt brother "hro." Kirk and his set
are nrqu-sdenably brothe s" (we hope in
diatress ) The drserters who shot Mr. John
son ind$fd.- all deserters, wo undsrstaad,
and ail disaffected stddiers, are at once initiated-
It is mere than probable that tbo
murtTerpfs who slew Mr. Strickland, raised
the 'cry" aud ''timelj notice was given to
them of approaching danger," for the deed
was done in a, few miles of Raleigh, and in
open day, and no clue obtained, that we have
ever heard," to the criminal.
In contributing to bring this; matter before
he pablic, wa hve nesa ani n voJ br a soa-e
of duty to oar country, to society, and to tbe
men themselves who have teeo deceived ioto
this organization. " As Soori aa a fair oppi.r
tuniiv i afforded to iii?n to extricate t -?o
ft thy fad t take adantite nf i:;
tbft! ther ., lo k for 00 symra-n-
";fQ
u ;" !",,r "' PH
111
rcaa:n. ta:n.
Tb r i :t thiSt-ate.htve srj' 1 ti
in a
vtdcaao. Tuty do so t-tid, unless tbt ;oyj
If
w hare t V.err?, s!r-nsh or zal r ra i ;
cat thij r ,!, look to it, if di.ter 1 eJalt cur j
arnis.it will eradicate
"We -'now Ml PtodtVnt-'Dtvi. that o:r
pe.i;.arc aiike in liffrf t t hi ihru i.J
21.'. J
Will any or. suppose that, at the Very time
mr. Hoi(icr.maie the f. rog ing deelaruiio'T,
ho' had written out for one of s.ur teoop'r," a I
very draj 'ricrid of l,i, aa application for wne !
ef tbe "blaadisir.imU" of -PreHdent D-ia,"
is the snap of chaplaincy at one if the
Hsfitals? Yet this is so. Aad now, what
has becomo of the applicatin 9f the Rev. Mr.
Brajg It woo d be a dcli-htful field for
naefulness for a frier.d of Mr. linden a cleri-
cal friend a missionary one who. ahn
with religious iostraction. would'nt "aind to
say a word or two for a friend. One who
could initiate the Soldiers at once info the
mysteries f hyi religin, and also Notth
Carolina polith-s one who oould preach Peace
in a double aspect.
- . j)
It would then be wholly unseeesaary, (in
deed it is unneresary now,) for ay one to
smnggle Raleigh ttandardg into the Hospitals
for the R?v'd rocifdent of President Davis'
blandishment," would be a Standard in him-
aelf. What has brcome of the anlication ?
m a
By-thdys we hve received a copy of the
oath of the secret Combination of the "Heroes
of Am-inca;' this iafanous concoction .of
treason, conspiracy and decuption, wnich is
beining to be exp -1 in Georgia aud A'a-
bama, and we hope will soon see the libt L
t rough the forms of judicial investigation in-
North Coro'ina.
It would be 'ell fr lh Rev Mr. Bra'2 to
turn his attention to these horrib'e, nef trims,
oath-boaud couspiracica by which men "bind
themselves' under no less penalfp thm to hate
their head shot through" lie might warn the
poor soldiers against the artful machinations
of vile men, who seduce the ignorant into
tbeir hidden aridwicked combinations. He
might tell them that they would find even
professed christian preachers, wjves in sheep's
clothing, engaged in ititiarin their ignorant
followers iat o thes criminal associations ; and
of these h might especially bid them, the
poor u?
, beware, as of active agcn;is of
thodvil.
The Rrrnd gntlrman might furthering ra
adtntni:! th?e ptir s l lirs, that the prom
ises of protection held out by fhns-j midnight
meetings, are fahe. Me mig'st. point tlum
to te fact that t!i yanke-s prest-rvo.no fdth, J
keep no pmrnis-, tint to trrika thfm i to i
trut to falsehood a id dcoti.n. l miht
tell thfm that Uuiv. in Kiater-i North Cio-
lina, they lion robbed indiscriminately j
Unirn mn lriv fared rather th wni-o, for j
they add to their robbery of th-itthe i;npri- J
o;iinsof th"ir oitinot upji t'isir h3
desertion of thir country. j
AU t''i- Mr. B g4 might icii tiim and '
m r. He niixht pdu t'i n tth2;danl i
O'h chnpt-rs of J iv-,-'-t;il th n hov
that sh. who firing ii J?r-'-i. "v?rt'iinis
concealed and effittal ro- of ths spTe., J
who caoi". to spf f r ?. 1-3 i -t r . 4 1 i to of t'iC j
city, w Rhab the lri6t; aud that they j
wnj took trorotion vrha th-' M?y was bo-
eigd. were thn ---t i i:it' fi kn of tins
c mmoa prostitute; id that t ie sijns of.
the rd an I wiii e co d.'! w ti! f Ve a sign ef
ignoiny a i l li-h s r. Ai I toe i tho It--v VI
Chap'ain, risin?; t tot tru 1 g i;ty and atti
tude of a servanr of Gi ail 1 c?l!? I expoient
ofsir.1! 4!n..H. n'-g'i liolire th duty
of p riotism ini-rht isciatjit with religion
a3 a kinlrad d ay k i a I r ? I virtus. He
might bi-J th o' lir to be bravo and fajth
ful, a-isiri 14 11 t'i it i I t'df 1 1 hU c m.itry
was dev.itio'i to Go. I
We hope that 'h n Mr. Br.g come to
L be chaplain, he vriH beadq ut to the theme.
Let ths People Remember.
W borrov tne alia a ca ;tpi 41 atereotvpe
phraH, in'order to fatu the pn die attention S
upon the f;cj, that Mr. ILddrn has committed '
the State to pay tha damages claimed by !
Gnargs X. Sanders, for the bre tch of hie con-
lrct iy the Stale ; for. Mr. HoMen charges
tht Gov. V.tiXd "did hrrak'bi contract with
Mr. Sandeis' after he arrivid in Europe, and '
av the bu iowss toCd. McRe." R tl'igh -.
Sifi.nd.rl,Jun'2W,i,
if Mr. 1IiMn ia e'e.-t.fd Govern .r. !
i.orT S. will wulk in with lii claim alieudy
ack -owll'-'d
N ow t ois c.'ai n all aa ino tturf anI a j
ehea; Ki Mf. ll .1 l-n has .4 1 Vit-re? 1 it. 'Oh,
the ffjnce i r-nk it kniP.!. o htMveii" with ;
'ihe odor of Naval Str-." Shakfeari. '
' Wl still proudly prrsorve the apron which (
which we wre iotne "t wnty-tbree years ego." ,
-Raleigh Standard July 1st. '
This recurrence to bis "apron" days, in- i
dicatoK a. purp .se en Mr. II ol Jew's part, to
appeaa- ia a nrw o e; and we may expect to 1
see him eooa make his dhir in short petticoats.
and "apron " r"U B .onser costarae How!
dvlighlfnl it wid V:c ?a se Mr. Ilcldca in
'afron." , But we notify him in tieae, that he
may put en this prou " ailh it&puaity, but
if be ventures any other feminine garment,
every wmB in Jiortb Car lina will rie in ;
arms. Tiiy allow no man to wear petticoatrt 1
wbo "Xeela unsafe en bi own prut;sea and re-
tires imsaediatMr." Let Mr. Holden, that,
beware, in patting on the " aur-'u, " that be
d-.-es nothing tr.-r. t
.,
Gor. Yanrr's-Aepofnlnrits.
Ydk:-vilJ,
Trto H:ll,
n-wi,
I nury,
V 1 i : 1 r iT t n ,
p- f s t I
Friday.
S tnrdr,
M.-o Iy,
'' 1 --I ty.
I t-.-!v.
Ji!y
Pth. .
9rb.
llth.
12'h.
14'h.
' J -.!! 0
.t
r -V:--
V U4 o
fentfw-nt crukes. ont thii rilr tresn.
R5POHTS OF THE PRf.SS ASTCTaV
Eatr d acenrdipjf to ct f Cerr irribe yea
1W3. br JS. Tiir.HKK, in the1 Clcrk'a mR
f the listri?t 'nrt .-f tv Coni'Vrkte 5tate
for the Xerthem district of Oeorc.
Lnirst frcss Pfifrsbnrg
GUnEVSnORO'. Jaly 2nd. The Rfond
Examintr iha iCth ns bci rceiTetf, Th?
n- i n ,! ur.irtant. Th sftatifn nf ytrt
around I'ctTjUar is un?hantf-t. Tb. rn'nr
barf hvm bur inre Tuesuar 8tr"Trthrpin tUr
of rntrcr.oh'Bfritj ant era Iu i ir ixtfn.lirtr
hi 111 to th? I'cterfhnrjr nd 'WciUon Rlt nnA
fclliuv tr-v t protect hi Nn-'s. Grant it erU I
dwly pKpAricit tor a grand attack. i
Th was aca'.lry ftjfht at Jlni Stttiun oa I
the fl-t ia rm. rirr at fatch Gip, ttm into
Fort Drewry voaterdtv. Tney ay every mo in
tae Monitor. fl--1 nroald d.'r."if they c uld "jftt a
c!inee. The Yanknej are remorins: the torpJr?t
in the river aa wh the objti uctiono rank by
thfimclr a in French's beach.
Deserters tht ih fire of one of oar Ram
aeriouly iojo'-ei one of rh Monitor which had
to ho sent to Fortress Monro for repnrs.
This is Tiicntly tht Ct rpnrttl in tho let
tor ahoro, from Gastin Eds. CossntivaTiva.
Tho Examiner i,t the 29tU, contains tb-j following
Trjesraphic rtifpatch :
PETERSTJUUG, Jane ?8.- 7 3 p. raThe
aituition is unchagrd. There has bo-tn theunal
eanoona-ling tnd picket firine. The lines nf ths
two artfrtos are nt some pir.t not ever two
huuircd y.tr t apart. Otr troops are ia excellent
" spirits hni iuuch refreshed by the rain and roe'
weather which ii also quite favorable to our woaad
od. It is r- portod that Baraido's corps has gone to
Washiatou.
GOLDSBOItO, Ja! 3. Th- Stnti Journal
has received th; Rich.'nond irAi'7-ofths .1'ith.
which contains tha following ofiiciar dispatch tiom
Ovn. Lee :
HtiADQ'JlKTKKS AlSHT Ho KTIIKRM Va., June 2S
Tit th Sectiary of War: Th rncniy hirv b--en
ngtged to-day apparently strfnirth'V4injr hi lin.s
in trout of I'ete' sbarjr, advancing them at some
points. His cavalry after being irpuisjd at Stan
ton bridge, on the afternooa nf the 'iGthrctit ed in
th direction of Ch: itian.ivii, whi;jrthev en-
camped that night. The uxt niornir.jj'lhcy con
tinued their march towards LaurcnS'vLI by way
of Burntville. They encuipeil last night eight
milt's northwest of the former place Th ;y aop.ar
to bir making tUcirva y back to the main bedy of
tbe army.
.SiiraelJ R. E. Lkb, Qoe.
The Whig says th fiht a the bri.lo took
place on Saturday the 23th. Tho 'nemr cam-? in
view and approached boldlr to -sards -tn. bridge,
au 1 our f btu-i ies on the south side of Stanton
rirer opened briskly ;nd L.ck'.d tluir forward
'liioremeat. Th- yafikos plac-i a ba'tery in pi
tion and returned lire A. ha'f hoar latr th-y
s?it forwaid a lino f skirtnis'i.-ri ond opneda
brik t'u.sitd. on our gar.nvrs, without QVct. The
yaTiikeos thew dt.:iiunte'" and charged oar riUi
pits vigorously, ar.d were received with volley,
w h n th-;' r-jdl d. b-oke and ran to the ro.ir
rapidly. ' lo th .cinrVue f tw houi-' th -y made
three ihr :harjr -s, each ' I whic.'i ms iindo
1 v rcpuUvd by ou ftniad fores, 'i'a y ankers iinal
I? c irjriit'le t'Mt th 'v iT?r. nut 1- i iv- our
breastworks, though def. dt-d by ratr uiitia, no
further assantt wjs tnale.
Early S-oiojy . lo-oioug the onm b'gan to
lrave, and her-n IU i.u i It w'oioCK G.n. W. 11.
F. b?o an 1 Civby f iied ti bri.I iuposuit.
0 o-lus ix w na 1 1,oioJ turtady. Tn ancuay'a
loss ut (fl ven.
Mu.ntr in Vi VallydH litde iij-irv t-" tio crops,
c xne -tiu lo reip thm bitnsflf. M-y cases of
ro ary a-ii outraa. Tao whereab-trs of Slua
t.r r.t '.t ted.
i.V.t. J. S. M1H7 has "n ordered to th co n
tnnl of th irr-i' a4 "ich noiti."
trceiih" Sfe l tic ;n . i ot A x:ti iria.
f!'-.v v li ring b'jlo Chain's It uJ i7od:fl ty
af,r- n.
I Or Lstcrtb'i,v Expr4 of V-.d wfjay, saTS
Oraiit'cttn ? " 1 -i is .-i!t t 'r-.t n-'a.Ty in
lintuTRta'i'in. and are r.'pflrt.vi fortityig th-r,
felling trtt ii'tii- th.- ju.-p mi of proiciio their
lin.-s, with r.n i -nr.-jn - a" 'ti 0.1 thrri.hr.
Grant reported y..vtrda ( l'ucfj ty ) Iclliti tr
on the banks of Appo:n.ittox, and electing b.tU
lirs.
P liT .U.S liU iid, Junet 2i)th. P isonrrs br ;h t
in t-t-day, iep.:-t a portion of oar civ-alry -li-j.tj-ed
ih. fiont of Wilstn's force a l - .r O. ii.
Twterilay. Tli- enij-jrtutrnt as hot Ni'.ni'
los 40 wou -d- d .npt"cd fro::k ti. f tai-i.i-nt
to bi a rfon'd-'rat;-' ocr5S it u als slid that a
portion f W ilae.a'a forn vrr it Lartinceviife
lat idht, trin toc?t fc i -var is th, Vr-don road.
A cavalry fi'iit to-d iv ntor ll'Mm'i Stafi-n.
iitf.-uit nos kuovn. In front, .iitaati ut uutltcrcd.
fsijisi) DisriTca.
OOLDSUORO. J dr 3 The &an Jtarnil
ha th? S. Y. v'i' i:' t'u- 2K:t . .i it itmiion
articl. y. thac F'o;r has iro? 0.1 .in x . ,ti n
1 i Ja:ues riv:r un lr p.-otee'i n ol thr-ujiboat.a.
Tht- rouolad 'ai'e cxo.-Jt I t axiij tuiiv.ua k
in their adr anc-i 0:1 itiih io..i.
Ktoy S idih is report ; J crosdag thi R-rd rivur.
Lino'da ri.-itd Uad-r at Puiut'of :t cks on
the 2id inst. An Ann' corrrpondrnt aavs,
Eiv.-ll's cory? was detaeh-''d to attack Hunter, if
so, tiuotr is in a Ui'iieu!tr, nnis oiht-r .aove
uio.its alfoid him relief iuJicattons of.thesa are
on foot.
Itebd rants, ran down on the 21st' intx., and
threw shells a Yank. j uabotts a s.r-tsa a p.int
of Fort Darling; thv- diht ati-d aTj- uy. Twt
BUpplies of am Jtu.iitio'i worn sent to thi Yanketi.
The rfcb.l.s r supp,a.d to hv four ."g a 1 ats
at Richmod apd o'oi at J'ct r'nmg. Th;t ?a n-
er Hnc ck was tire! itto br th Tid -i on York
river ou th- "21st instant No coiiaid.-rolo da n
age done. Grant is extending his Ic't. 1'tans
art-conected for a" ir.-jret a-aaft.t i tik P-r-tcraburfr,
aid the Raleigh and YVYldon Railroad,
and to cut iirrsupphi' f'oi th iouin irn ar-.uy.
L-e has a atr.ng tine, with o,,-t-3 -rth-w.iiiu
to d-feaJ tao 1 a.-k. who :'r;ia aats-i be
hind them.
The 5th ir;nr crps have lost 1500 aiiee'tbey
crwed JainrS rivt-r.
Tne Cuwpii'ut!i!l eoive:iioii of Marjland, on
th- 2tt.rp os -i ihe f traitor "Ttiele a hill of
ria-) . 5 l i.y.27. 'II r. ; h!" er iu tfeia otats
t'ar,- eh I iv" I..., .,.-. uuf.a r
TituJ. e ti -.,t 1 in n.h n nt f r rrioief wiio eif
tr.o ua: t b'-t bren I'aiiy eoivui-H. .1 I p-roai
hXd to -trviee ur'ub ir as sUve?, are bcrjy da
eh red free." " 1
. (otgreM? has adoptei . rsol j,ien iwitairva-of
th President if authority h;id bee a gifn to tuj
person to iaid'ee man to emigrate frip Ireland or
C-tuada, for the purpose of entering the army or
Ia Cwn ida, a Fr deration of all the Provinces is
p-onocd and fo difidj Cermda Into tre S:tea,
Uotd on tho 24h, 210 lo 2li -notaainuJ,
thiro nraicn.l
GREEN BUHO', Jul 3. -The Uichmond ia-
quirer of the 'ind has bn-n rec-dred. . It contains
the detail & thj -ct na-! Sanpmi cha ca an d
Uv ain'i S'ti -ii. b fe 01 Fitz Um art Jiaiioa-t
asol 'iVi't-m ni S '. rr. r-;-itiig i t'ie co n
pl t n.UTr ofSh-ilrtf- tVi cr.' l V Ih H),
i ..' .' i" g n"y a!oVa ir ' h
aiT - a.ahuUn tS. ejcr .'ii N,oi.vi 'U.i. t..d
fi'i of urt ii: t a 1' .! 1 . ir. l
cilices. a'ie - i jJigth, 'tor-tti r t f ctofiiing,
silver war.?. Ac.
It ii retort d by priso'tro "s " tUt .Sj-'irs -vas
wonnded in the fi'ht ted ibit'Kiatz t ii'j"v
sioa, i;nvad s a private. . '-ijjj . r.. . t
Petc-cp'iurg papers oi lb 21 r -port ro gghting
ir fr'nt, andnnl v th n?al h -;iba'diri nt. It is
tb acght that, tne eri-?.iir ' r.itd .0 n a ' iifsc
fire on tbe ctt. a thi-irh. . t '.Oih, Ui ene
my mad- afe.b'e .lsat,: n C I4 lot. t;i J d- non
trattob on lira if's lVonf. but w -1 e - Uy repnlg
ed. No uarc --nt-.'itiio d of tb-rmt, md the
g':ieral naif o -nt taks plre. Tie p-oyloof
Petersiarg are h ,efet.
Frora Km. Jutora lrnj.
ft -- . ki-1 agreement.
ta.Ti h h r
o .- tw i e -.
t. ' eo" '
il'tl
.!--..
h injr foi tho
-h- u -my
f (.'! al
n t o r
. . . -
oar artu-
X P ftJ'ou'them, wVViO was -opnd-d w-
V-Tv Tii.iittrHv Vrthfm. CVnstant sniti-ag won
slinnt nni1oi'hlf'brn )Cdg n sr6aj ibv '
le'dl:He r.0 to k ) cPt-tek lhi uiioning. '
La V Cincinnati rVcs aav that do ri tire "
"skVmi;Tirn 'he' iSV'17h ani 18th. th..r 1.t
f tt tht:4W 1ve boused; as bbwn by the ofll "
eial-raedicWre'rd.
TrV Chatfart'vTca (Imrttrf' the eontams "
dispaSt-h frA' hrian f crato of '20th. which
as 1 disnatTron Slirrin was recivi'd tbii
inrtrni: j : It rorti that -rvsiriilj? we tnaJe sn
acocci -ufal j.tU'A'tjn the-Vne'ay's pott:.a, and
lost betr.'fM tno nfd 'llreo thouvtad irrn. L""s
jarticn!t;V h-ay ia'oiTicorn. Ifirai" rc-
.rtcrt n,liil'y wxuca, Or.l. !).n Mft.'o-,k..
eso!ntiig Vtjfsde. Qh Kice. f t'. irhio..
rv rUnlr Wi.urtlfi: fl.l. Clad! the 4tt-
lvtism, and'Aavaftinrr'U eSifh ll!iw, ki4J.
We tok few pri;KJrrs. but' don't .uj owe we ia
fiitt keary loi th wa'.y kpt bv'JUri fo
tit
sjo-- rurrctrj
VAfUKTTA. Juty 3. XMblnew. Tho vn
a' rkirPMJbiag t day. A ffigjart'acd -two pri
vatecasac in this n.orafn frm thr'Vankte linoc
Tbe'.T temte r4 s-rric- trxt.ird.mt oinx to
moiwy ntWMty they were nut . permitlrd t
lave, ThTy rrent tJv a-ruy as btng.auah .
dispirktt end vcre to prr-UnVtng hnrtxhtie".-
Many con wbi? terms of tri vapiro ia July,
and Anryuot have deterutini'd n t thrht.
5oiitprn ?ff its.
ATLANTA, JVJy i.-Th. L
tbo 3slh ml;. as b;n received. The news l.as
bera moatiy anticipated. Gu rUla rp.ratioi
continu in Wtster Kentnrkr. A tight aith
federal troopt orcvLvv-i near (taioatwn. Anoth
er parry deui.in;ivd thai urrend-r it t.aenh ro.
but retreated after ' Kxvpjirtg Cleveport . a?d ,
Hawerrilie.
Th Washington o-ftli 24 tV.'aii Orant'i
a-orks command Pr crbm g and thi railroad
through U Peterbur7.uco sup all conttauoii
oouimuiiicatior. bcti 'cerv-lCvbtR juti ?rjd th- rtrut Ii
so lo.ig as Grant elects, and bv can Iml I thi rno
tnr by threats, and uiore -ti,it J aarath twenty day
rations. L-e tnnst follow iiak a hrary engage
wnt on nnfot titled jrro'in-C
Secretcry l tnil at 1 trod fro headquarter',
says the entire yaokej lo ia ortr tn itnujti,-!,
A cnrrep'ndent frr:n riiv.taaoot-o, d:fdth
JOth, says the rehd forefeet the reload ab jr..
Tilton, and ct)tareil and. burud two truuu
h-avilr frcight-.-d vith su-je.v Crav.l a ts
trains is very deutoraWriu coaa- qunc t
frequent antbuhes : 'fiisy Stve tny,ufr far
hundred men captnivd. On S:ni ir 4 lnat, with
large quantity of Govermues-t liyiht, are cl-lect-d
at fiarpcth Shoa!. CumVi'-land nver. No
more boats arrf to ascend thu Cui:brlaad : .tho
GoTernaietit bing unable lo fui mat .convoys
against gaerrillai. ,
The S.iiduky A'sjia'er of thi Od, ti-s that
the rebel U-n. Arcbwr, tt anferr'dfroin Jbuoa'a
Iland to Washiacton, will be sent to Gn. Foster
and placed uad?r rch.d tire, to retahMe for tho
treatment npon yankee G?nera!s at Caarloston.
In the d'baia in the yankee II me on- lh 'Huh. a
th repeal of th?c u'm juti-ioclm A' the draft
law, Schfnck'.ot Ohio, snoported the clnwfs; said
the re'.l!ioa must te pat down; if not tww, here-,
alter; if at in ten years twenty Tears. If-seaci
coulJ be made to-day, -Tery s-olbUi man Jtnotrs
it could not bast taxty days. If we ictiu thi
Sonthern CoiilVderacv as a diatinct tiaKn. witn
its borders trout tha 1'otouac toetbe Gulf of .Mex
id, wo inaT oxpect war, murder and .every thi 'g
else.
Dale of N. Y. opptiscd repeal of c-rmautatftn
clauje. (ariliM ai I it p-r.iriutation a"i quat!y
be t?L thi rob dion will not b ut dwHrn during
h term in Coarfi ra n ir uud r this aiminioi a
tin. Mal'.oi y of iir. advocattd th imiiw of re
turoing to conscriptioii, an the heal lls giT,ii
mi.nt c ulw adopt.
Now YtoV. J.jii 2S;h gotdcMiHd at2ii. b.
c!iri-d to 214, then advanced rvA el ed at J 1 1 .
U.p.irts sprcie that day bno uiiliiwu steiling A. in
at 23S !or currencv.
New Advertisements.
GOOD .JmVS! MUM
ITiUW EOOKSt
OUR OWN. PITBMCATIONS.
Johns ti'f Ciimr-iMi Hcheid Arithntfo,
Tu Dish- lCieiiie:itay SpvS'.intr It nk,
Tfi Je trztn SiVgj er, ($.'.0 ni IriOi
Lot. and I jU t.r e Pr I'O)
I hf aiHvr boaka arc jait ooui tb. piosi.
P.-i -rtary Gojraphy,
York rlHirliili Grammar,
j-'i.st Uik in -otapocitioa, br f Urans'n,
IJilP Po. nis. b Thtv H Hill,
i rv n and Lnid.i. by iU-r A.W Man;nm,
I)i:i P. i lit-t. Pictorial, third edition.
First Dixie Warier, .V 31 B Mow.-,
Mrrtl-! i-aves, tv Stcv A Y Maaam.
51 So
r. r.:
1 '
7'i
1 (.0
1 fit
2 fo
1 .M
ii
.'.r
Ti
3 tl
jSJflr l'he. abiv by ks arc sjld at uco-thiri if
t) the trnd-.
OTHER BOOKS ON HAT79.
wit(ttL!,.KoiTS liauKS.
IIunt--ne Pi ino F :rt Instructor,
bandr'a ArithTi-tic. '
Jtinh.itn'ii b tin Gratn:i).f, .
We.deyau Oitv-c!iim .. 1,
Wf-I'-Van I'atedos?!, Vo. 1
L,ansd' -It's tx Uisia .
(Ja.np and Fi-I I. hv I)r .Tns)h Cros,
Lite Stonewall lackson,'
TUr Var and its II re. IlUotrnleJ,
Suthvrn M-jdl Letter vVriier,
ll.val Adniitii-tr iti n n U P lUri,
Scriptara Vtws of National Triala.
Ilimntitio Pasainjeh in tj..o' Jltavtory,
DUry.of the War, 4
The Srige of Vickburg,
The Sunday School B II, f
The JibbitiU School Wrralh,
, Plow og and Ditching, ,
Fun for tht Camp,
The Onmp Jeiter, ' '
liotey's Di-ovnrea, '
Dr. i)eiiiV Hermnne, ,
Uorai and lil'nrioos Anecdotes, 8 voli ,
Tbe.Ajre Nev Monthly,
Houthern Literary Mt-as-Tiycr,
Stonewall Jackson's Portrait,
Dr. D H- I' .rtr ut
T tints llistorr of O "-f. '0 It VflTl,
5 00
2 !;,
i no
25
. '.
7.1
3 to
3 CO
a
1 .o
1 to
3 i'Q
X fO
a (to
V of)
60
7f
a
3 tv
- n fo
. 12 00
J .Ml
1 r.i
1 7u
125 t,0
9i CO
3 6 .a
BaajcroJl a II i lory Lntt Mat. 7 ve.o.,
' Abbot's ll'ustratid If i)oa irak ech
fSconl ' r.r tn War. "
Wountai- Violet. Ov :i-v T M Uak-r, '
A Few Ch-atnais fot th'- Caildiajn, ly CroU
. Charles. - -
X Sandav Scbtxd in Krcry Cborcb. by Ucv
b JJa.lv,
VorJs (.f 0furt.U 11 F Uukav,
Ko t Cashnan or th- Uirt! Siul n'.s.
The Lit W-Pr-aebtrAWv Ch-I Thirl.
Life of T. 0 WiintWly, by Uacl a CLsrla,
' S -Idler By S .ut r,
- fttonewn'l 8ng.ter,
Cotiou FtfcM Melodies, ' v"
' MILITARY BOOKS. '
Xapoleon'a Maximo of War, -
Itaynner T.xrx.e and Skirmish Drll,
: Volunteer's Field and Gaoav Book, -
Goeral OrJers, '
Warren's Snrg-ry,
rocbotil oftbe Gutdca. O
, NOVRI.
. If acaria. br Jdiia Krano.
1 0
110
U
1 -5'
2 no
Ti
. 'th
I IK)
1 00
60
12S
1'2S
l2h
c 00
0 f 0
1 CO
5 00
Master Wifijatjj Mittn. br JndreLWtrreot, a Ofi
, iJaibcan Adair, r Captured iu.Vesmr, ., 1 p.r
Lady Audi.o's Seciet, br M t Braddoa, i.OOl
iloOert and UaroM, by K F GoultJUrj;
K een ir's Victorv, . - ; w , .,
L-a a!i.-.-ab!es Faatine,
; 8t. DennU, ,-.r;,
J Joan.Vaj;aai,
Katds tnd ftotnanee of li organ and Men,
Fl-dd and Firevtdo Voveletu,
Silas ifamer, by lis trans.
The Ban! of the Cards
3 y
3 CO
3 00
S
s on
SS""in 8e ordering K)k'to K- ..n per
roai! mt temil 10 cnHs exfr ij tk. ,t.ra
ti. , ny p'age. DA UN OX I KAlt vAlU
j ?v I 134. U ! S tC.
. .
Wr. AP,E AUTII0KISi:ii TO AXXOLWCI
THUMAra J WillTAKe lt. a ea.ii!te for
reflection to the otcu of SneriS for lh e.tity
0 J..aes. i ' r. f
TO TflE CITIZRXS. SO '. ti t T t V
rjiQ r !is o r ' a yu s a an '.v tf
K 4 - t:tirit'r J .t(oaae- Gfi Y.
next aaaM v t'aaB