'THE :
1j.
Wednesday. mu:cii 15. isco.
Northrrn Items.
While a prrti- n r-f the press of this State
fj-Mvorfd to ridicule the late proclamation
of Gsv. Vance, and to wenkn the, patriotic
p.irpose which ar.im.ited it, it his met a dif
ferent reception even in the midst' of cur.
retries- The New York .Veic? pys it the
fOTp'ier.t to speak f it, v. a spirited and
Rtriotic proclamation. r That pr.pef Bays of
;t . "It cV.? wpn the people t b stesd
.. to the end with the asmrance that forti
i,::oai;d resolution will secure independence."
:! ir sa-'ii a public document Conld attract
animadversion, or rero?cb, or ridicule among
ourre'vf vrev.V. Ve wonderful., if it were not
re:ticied that at that time Sherman was
-en b;s grand- advance' towards Rale'gh,
-..ii it wsp feil'c etl that he would soon reach
the' city ; and it was &oi inappropriate for
icch as wo.:ld cultivate- ntH(i Shtrman, to
level a How at Gov. Vane?, as rny thing said
discreditable . f the Imer ffould be supposed
to be a p-.:sspcrt to favor with the former.
Ia tke tame r umber of the New York News,
from which we extract th3 above ' notice of
Got. Yances prcc-arnatif n," we find signifi
cant niar.ifcita'ior.? c,f tbe trrubles and c; m
p'ications which Img around our fcerni ?.
Ii :r, to bejin with, a remarkable coincidence
t.;.;ir' rsirhcr Em:Ur.d ncr France ' h&vo a
i. Hrter at Ward ir j:ton, while ciue-tiors of
t s!r:?t in.p-.-rtaucc are per ding betwesn
r.e cciatri5s. i.r have the Unhed States
appointed a successor to Mr. Dayton, at
Paris. TL Xars says that "Mr. Dayton's
l silica hrJ become so unpleasant, at the
G ::rt of L"i::s Ncpo!eor, that his death only
averted th- exj. ose of his return homo." It
flirt her aav?, that "intimations rcada ulse
ountly. l ave given the sd mini.-ration to
;.,.rsK.i t hit a successor in Ms potiiit nj
will not l received, uutil a mir.ister shall
Lre been received at Washington frwm 1L0
F.r.i:i:.re cf Mexico.
TLs II o .;! n 'ih graph uH'shes a corres-'
ponder U twees G 1. P.ers-n, cf the C n
idt rate utmy, avd Gen. Lopez, Maximilian's
fimtrrinder on the line. The latter, replying
t a e..:o rf tl. f Ttni-r, sas : ''Being placed
in cj:ui'i'Md if ihis military lint, under his
M-ij'sin. 1h: Kir.ptror Tllnrir.iilian, the sons of
t: tn(i(era':y can rtly vpon fidl security
for thtir csxsions and interests; end the
('jnft Jrocy may rtst assured that the reprc-sftijiiii-is
( i iJif Empire (f Mtxico, dlcng the
loi -J'.r.ftedy mid jrankly efj'er tluir frund
TLer zrt M'gnitir&rt points in tb is note. It
tits c.rj to anrcunce the rep tserstative
cbirav: er attaches to the Empire and not the
i. i.Uic of Mrxico. Ii fuliows no pre edent,
hy wi.ich Coutercates ui d the Cccitd-racy
are desigi.attd sh the fej-cbed; tut the as
sjrince ii coniaw.s, is jivrn direct to the Con-
fedcr.icv its
(. Ad the cot c'u.-:on, in which
rt preer.tatie tf the Mtxican. Erop're ;
waVMhe oifer of a frank and tree friendship. I
it.lona mar zu to rcogl itioa a uuo
can inline. . j
The sigutlcance cf this attitude towards us ,
ft Ludenreia.p,-rtant by the Let, ibat an j
eipihiu;., ludcr Yankee auspice, is now i
tU.;:; cut to ascend the Hi-- Grande, for the
y:.:-;'H cf i&ialing Southern TYx s. When
to t .'.i. U aide!, tie now well ascertained
fjct, that t'..rte Meit-an ci'.izvn, direct from
the gvvernrasr.t of Maxiriii'.ian, sre now at
C ity IM:., m i tcekirg to pasa to the ,&.u-1-
; tite capital, it gives re it on for tbe ajHre
"rtj:;ui which the New Yrk JVttr tTms
: p: : "Tbe po'ie cf the two Emperors in
" e;i:dto the struggle between the North
4 S nth, w a? probably fixed at the very
' thrwbold f the enterprise aaitiSt Mexi
'' csu repui licat.i.ra. The next intelligence
" nay be of a col i sion between the Federal
' a-i Mrx:can uTce. on the Ri. Grande ; and
"the lirt gun there fired, will be the signal
" f-r a foreign war."
i. j speaks the New Ytrk Nacs, in the ar.
go: eity of the c- UBtry of car enemies ; and
isj. irvd b pood sense and -humane teelirg
to lefs than by soiled policy, it declares the
belief that the Sv uthcrn States can Eever
U mde to re-enter the Uni-c."
Each day r.ow is adding new life toitbe
1'' r.f-dvracy. If we had a Congress worthy
t e:.i!co: it our people wiil be firm, un
daunt. -d, s-.h-rtdying, se!f-sacrificir.g and true
.r cvai.try, they may has'en tbe day of
i-.-v rancc. ly so much 3S they ar ucrelax
;.r and zfa!o!;.
The Ralcigli Meeting.
Th-me tt:.g held ia the city of Raleigh,
en Friday last, was well attended and the
v' rk cf respc-Lding to the call of Gov. Vance
vclcLUer contributions to the Treasury,
adc:!raWy be jun.
W hatw isa pre-minent and agreeable feature
c' ' ;s rLte:u!g, was the h?arty unanirruty,
t-e rcer'uin frc.ra r-.sension or bickering,
Vth r-ervaded in the proceedings.. All pres
f2t sceiueii to earnet t and thouroghly ina
lress?d with the sense of duty.
-t the Lo-th, they are pressing upon tbe
i?r?'? on attractive lean. Here we are vol-u-
:-ring a fre gift.
Uodspee-d the g.n-d work! Our soldiers
w ii eat their Tatbv with increased salisfac
when tl.ey kro-v that it i the o'Jeriug
'a grateful people "to these whom they
':--c-i, ad trust and love.
or more cf the ycurg ladies. Clerks in
ccnscriptcEce in this city, we learn, de-c-idto
receive the ratioas of meat allowed
trea by law, patriotically prefering to let it "g
the 5V..l;tr3in the trenches t,..n.;..t -
-ut.cr. if .irvo:iu to the cause of the countrv
"auia ct the sterner tei wr.uU
'"itate.
w n t ii iu
Take Care ofjt. 1 :
T;je people ore now pouring !nto the hands j
of the gverrinient.ageota the .free .offering of
their supplies for the treasury and army. j
There are very few who are mean enough to j
withhold Ihis gift. Some, indeed, there are i
who. thrnw away, in dissipation, enough to feed j
many soldirr?, will stand alotf; tnt, it 13
cherrinac to feci and know hew unanimous is
the rendition of gratitude from the people to
the nrajy. But wht we wish to enjiaia this
article is, that those who shall have these gifts
in :hnrge, shall take, care of them, and see that
those for tchom they ere intended, get the benefit of
them. If the people see negligent officers per
mit their donations to be squandered, wnstcd,
I rr lo?t, there wilt he a fierce and thorough re
clamation upon uch delinquent. It is already
s;id encugh to k&ow bow the ciuse has been
damaged by corrupt and negiigeLt officials.
There is no duty more iccumbent upoa an offi
cial, than to tike care of the public goods,
which areratrusted to his keeping. . Ample au
thoiity is given them for this purpose. -
A case in point, is this : Fifteen thousand
bu?hel3 of corn have been lj iag at the depot,
in this place, through the rain ami storm of the
I past two weks. Much cf it has been destroy.
ed, o as to be dangerous food for man. We do-
not know who was to blame ff.r this ; bat ibis
folly and delinquency have shocked tiie public
sense. Because, whoever had the control of it,
could have impressed lbor to house, it. They
could have impressed the house to hold it; and
could have iuipresfced tha cars to tike it away.
At ail events, they could have kept it securely.
Tbers are rawhides one of the most needed
articles in the Confederacy ling at the dtpot
and being eaten by the bogs. Whose fault is
this ? Th'y hud fetter be given to the tanner
awd then imrrese the leather. Are there no
vacant dwellings in the land, that the food and
raiment of a half starved and half-clad nation,
snail be lost to it by eueh thoughtless indiffer
ence ? We say again, we do not know where
the faijlt lies ; but this we d know. From
the d'ty.that the vast Commissary stores and
Quartcrmasttrs stores were destroyed at Ma-
I uassa.-, ihig abundant country has been deple
ted and reduced by want of ecouomj', system,
order and industry. Its resources have been
squandered by criminal neglect; and the want
in the land is owing, in no email degree, to
coriuption ai d carelessress. It is time now
for every citizen in the community to set their
eyes upon dishonest, nrg!igent and careless or
incompetent olEcia's. We all have a vital in
terest in. the mode in which thpy dii-chare their
duty ; and it should be the duty cf every citi
Zfru to repcrt dertliction, wlen it falls under
his observation. If this were done, the gov-rnnif-nt
wouid be assisted, an4 the cause pros
pered. The Wounded. On Saturday about 600
wounded aien, weri sent up from Kington to
this dace, and were placed in h spitals here.
The reguiar h spitals were soon overrun, and
the Churches have b?n imprefsett fur hospital
purposes. The sfsin-h use !f the Frcrbyte-
, rin Church, the Bap ist and Episcopal
Churched irn row in use.
The- ambulance coujudttee were isdefaticu
tb!e in their libors. They met the sufferers
at tbe Tep0f. anJ vrith 0 e aid? cl the citiz.es,
much to mitigate their sufferings,
jt devohes ou citizens t ; pay every -at-
tenliofl ,0 thoc :Ie!1 cgpt.,.-up.y. those in the
C,,urc!,ei. N. uri.hmvnts, and all .articles
Bseful au'd tctl$jary for. hospital purposes,
arH ;n fim..nii an:i ,t U thn Amv and shnnM
bo the plaure ol all te furcisb evetylhing
they requi:e.
Only about one hundred of tha badly
wounded have been stnt here. Some two -or
three J.undtcd wour.del passed Saturday
aight, on their way to Salisbury. .
The Tax Bill.
B"th Houses of Congress, on the 7th inst.,
passed the Tax Bill. It levies a tax of eight
per cent, on all property not exprely taxed
at a different rt:; oa specie and bills of ex
chai ge twenty ptr cent ; t n currency five per
cent. Tr.e inter on Government bonds is
tax"d as income under existing laws.
Upon pn fits made by buyli g'nnd ssiliug
merchandize, or property ot any description,
between tha yearV 18iio and 18CG, a Uix oi
ten er cent, is levieekin addition to the tax on
such profits as income ; and upon all profits
exceeding- twesty-five per cent, a tax of twenty-five
per cent.
The property, the income and moneys of
hu-spituls, asylums, churches, schools and
charitable institutions are exempt from taxa
tion. Also, all property within the lines of
the enemy shall be exempt from taxation as
long as it remains. within sucdi lines.
The taxes are nude due and are to be col
lected oo the first day of June next, oue-half
to be paid in tbe Treasury notes, and the other
haf, at the opti n ot the party, in ceitificates
tf indebtedness, without any allowance for
interest.
It is also provided that upon ail subjects of
taxation mentioned iu thi? act and the act ap
proved 17ih February, 1SG4, there shall be lev
ied and assessed for the y.-ar I860 aa addition
al tax equal to one-t'ig'utu of the amount of the
tax en the same subjects imposed for the year
1865 ; ;rhich tt shall bs payable in Treasury
notes of the.new isiu? ; aud the money arising
thcrefrjm shall be first appropriated to the
pay meet of the increased compensation of the
soldiers; provided, that this 'additional tax
shall not be construed to apply to or increase
the tax iu kind.
The following important section we quote at
length :
'Congress having intende J by the act of 17th
February, 18GI, entitled, &c, as amended by
the act of 14th June, 1864. to impose said ad
ditional taxes for the ye.tr 1864 only, the said
act of 17th February, IS64. as amended, in so
far as it can be coostrued to operate otherwise
than a thus intended,, shall be and tHe same is
hereby ierealcd, and all the taxes imposed by
this act shall be paid without aDy discount or
credit for the value of the tax in kind, or the
inccine tax, and all the taxes on income and
profits ULdr txi-tit.g Kws sd.all be paid with
out any credit or deduction of the ad valorem
tax."
Imprfnment.
It rtay be thai the Government- wiil
be
recssity, for their own good fcrif.otsr an
thorities do not remove it the encrny will' feed
unoa aud censum'? it. If our authorities do
take it. we have no donbt it will be with the
understanding, and under the obligation, to
return the like in kind, and 1o the amount
taken, as soon as the pre -ent emergency pass
es by. When the people understand this, it
is expected that tby will see, at once, the
gord policy and advantage of the m'-tempnt,
and that they will yield a cheerful eoncur
rence. A Visit to Warrenton.
The? Editor -of this paper paid a visit to
Warrenton on Friday last, ardon Saturdiy
addressed a large assembly of the citizens pf
the county of VVarre-n, met to together for
tbe purpose of responding to the Governor's
appeal fur supplies for the array.
After tbe Edi&-r,the meeting was addressed
in an off-b;'.nd, and extempore manner, by
His Honor, Judge .Biggs, cf tbe Cot federate
States District Court.
The Judge's remarks tvero pertinent and
patriotic, and the confidence, which .be ex
pressed in the success of the caue, wb the
result of mature deliberation.
Judge Bipgs ha placed two sons in the
army, and he, hi nisei f, has been more than
once obliged to fly from the approach of the
enemy. Yet bis spirit is wholly unbroken,
bis hopes buoyant, and animated. declared
his readiness te lire or die for the cause" and
expressed h;s regret that h e was not fifty years
younger, iu ordir that he might buckle on hts.
armor and take the field.
Judge Biggs concluded hy announcing his
readiness to "support one soldier, in accrance
with the proposition of Gjv. Vance. The
meeting wa3 subsequently entertained by the
Hon. Weldon N. Edwards, that veteran and
tried patriot j and in a few remarks by Mr.
Batchelor. After this, a hacdsome subscrip
tion was begun, and co.mmitfc-:s were appoint
ed to obtain subscriptions in the various dis
tricts of the county. There is no doubt of the
readiness of the people generally to support
the army, P-nd that they will freely contribute
the needful supplies.
In'Wftrren, there were only three persons
suspected of Wyism, in the old revolution, acd
and there are no d'escendauts of this stock.
The county is a unit for independence.
It is true the appeal, for volunteer to swell
tb.3 r mks ol General Jobsten, was not respond
ed to as immediately as could be desired ; but
ie premise is a fair one, that tchen the time
arrives, the young men of Warren will not be
behind their ftlloics,from oth.r counties, in
going tg the front.
latest from the Rinston Front.
We leara from a gentleman who has just
arriveel from Kinstop. that t-ur fences hdd that
place as late as Sunday evening, and that our
Genera's did net fall back from their position,
below Kioston.ou account of any reverses to our
aims as has be- n reported ; but, for the reason
that a "column of the enemy was reported to
by moving from Wilmington upon their flwnk.
This rep rt appears not to have been well
fc in Jed, for, by the latest and most reliable
accounts, there were no yankec ttoops north
cf Magnolia, on the Wilmington rvirl.
Tho above facts are well authenticated,' and
sbouid relieve our citizens from that undue
ex-citement which numerous fals reports have
caused.
Encouraging-
We have acconnts of a handsome little
brush which Gen. ILimpfon ' bad with the
enemy's cavalry, in the town f Favetteville.
He and Gen. Haruee are said to hare eharged
two hundred of Ki!patrick' men, with only
their holy guard, and to have killed several
and captured several others. The re-t were
drove out of town. General Hampton killed
two cf the enemy with his own hands.
Every step Sherman and Scboficld takes now,
is a step attended with hazard and loss. It
may be that this raid on a grand scale may
progress yet a -while longer, but its doom is
certain; a watch'til ejre is upon them; a
general possessing the unbounded confidence
of his troops, directs the preparation s which
are making to encounter it. Every thing, so
far, is encouraging. It is not to be expected
that our difficulties will be met without strug
gle an'1 loss ; but, we have an abiding hope,
that the day of our deliverance draws n'gh, and
we feel convinced, that there is nothing to dis
turb our confidence, if the people are true to
the army and its leaders.
The ProYision Order.
A we are informed, the subordinate officers
havir.g in charge the execution cf the order to
impress provisions, are seizing the family
supplies, so as not to leave, in some cases, more
than 10 days.
Tlie order is express, to leave to each family
ninety days of supplies.
Tne cbjict vf the authorities is to remove and
. take care of and return these supplies, for two
purposfs :
Firsf. To leave the enemy Hide to seize so
that his passage rmist be rapid. And, second
ly .to preserve fur th' future u;e of the people,
wba'' would otherwise ba consumed by the
ecemy.
But, effieers having this matter in charge,
whi'eexecutins; the i ;t' ntion of the military
authority thorougIy,shou 1 take cere to avoid
transcei dim t; e o'T'e". o- a co nr anying its
execuiun wiin tuner on.ns to tne perp e, er
with n.nnecef8iry icconyeniente. .
VUilJ5cu tJ remove uto supplies iroiu tuu li.wiuo mpetipg- ot tne citizens cf Wtfcs coartv Avas
of the people, gc n r.illy, in the country threat- j held fo the Court- House in the city of Kr'ih4
elbv an advance of the enemy. If this .'be on yesterday, the 9th inst in rispense to the
t , , . ' e appeal of Gov. Vance i bchclf of the enpnrt
cone, the people wi-1 regard it as an act of of Q Lee'srny: and. at the rireinr of thft
'.K ,-1 4 . 1 - ll- - 1 r. r.Aa :
For th Confederate, f
n AH M . - I -nr . I
l'UDuc iumws in waKf.
In pnrsnarca with previous notice, a public
wy; ana. at the nretnfr
b 11. a large number of the citizens of Raleigh
and conuty promptly as9mhied.
Oa motioa, Ex-Gov. 31anlyirs called to the
Chair, and ii. G. Lewis je-quested to act as
Secretary.
Oa motion of Hob. J. H. Bryan, a committee
was appointed to wait on the Govtruorund re
quest bis attendance and participation in the
deliberations of the meetirg. . After a short in
terval the committee returned, and the chair
man announced that the Governor was present.
The Governor grosc, an ! in a short speech.
amocg other things said, that our supplies were
cut off from the South, comuiu&icaticn teach
ing do farther than Columbia, if bo far, and
consequently General Lee's army mut rely
entirely upon North C:r lina and Virginia for
supplies, and if we fail t j furnish them, the
evacuation of Pe'erburg and Richmond must
follow. The Government can only cbtain
supplies by purchase, impressments, and
tyth c. Sj far as purchasing them is con
c reed, it was entirely out of the question, as
Congre.'S had limited the iup;dy ot Confeder
ate notes to such a 1 extent that the Govern-,
inent did not have a, sufficient amount of
money to make the purchases; impretsments
were very ungracious and repulsive to tbe
people, and tne Goverumeut cow disliked to
resort to them; and the tytbs were wholly
iiisufricifnt ; consequently the army must- be
b-d ly voiuutary subscrip ions of the people.
He did nor. meau by voluntary, that they mut
necessarily give the provisions, but to put
the in in tbe reach and at the disposal of the
Govtmment. If the people do not let cur
own Government have the provision?-, Sher
man will take them by foraging, as he hs
done in all his former marches ; th U the people
must . bear in mind that a pound, ot. meat
wi'hVeld from Gen. Lee is a pound fciven to
Sherman. The soldier lives on 5 ounces of
meat and a pound of bread a djy, and they
have to marcri, fight, and sleep on the ground,
an 1 he thought it reasonable that the people
c uld put up with the same amount, when
they have so many ypgetal les to eat besides
After tbe Governor closed his remarks, it was
moved and Seconded that -a subscription re
raised immedintely in furtherance cf the ob
jects of the meeting and the following dona
tions were then made: .
W II Richardson, 5 bbl's corn, 500 lbs ba
con ; Dr. Deems, 2 bb's flour; A Jones, 250
lbs meal, 40 lbs bacon ;.GW Mordecai, 60
bb's corn, 1,000 lbs bacon ; J W Cunning
gim, 5 bbls flour, 1,000 lbs bacon j Dr. John
son, 5 bbls corn, 300 Irs bacon ;Dr EB Hay
wood, supplies for six months for two soldiers;
Col Mallet t, 200 lbs bat-on ; Dr Miller 2 bbls
com, 100 lbs bacon; R H Jones, 3 bbls crn,
240 lbs bacon ; W II S'eeper, (v s Idier) 30
lbs bacon ; Wiley Palmer, 1 bbl flour ; N B
Cbb; 80 lbs bacon ; Rev Mr Pritchard, 2 bbls
corn ; J E 'Alien, 1 bbl corn, 80 lbs bacon ;
P F i'esoud, 5 bbls corn ; L D Stephenson,
2 bbls corn, 80 lbs bacon ; W m Boylan, 10
bbls com ; Mayor Hariison, 50 lbs b icon ; R
H Battle, 100 lbs flour, 40 lbs bacon; Gov.
.Manly, 1 bbl flour, 2 bbls cern, 50. Ib bacon;
C ir.t J M Walker. 30011s baco;i ; J D Iiiys
ter. 1 bbl corn. 100 bbls bacon, J H
Bryan, 1 barrel fbur, 100 lbs bacin,
J A More, 1 bag flour, 80 lbs bacon ; Gen
Ho'm s, one ration for 6 months ; A.P Wood
aM, I bbl corn ; Thos S Campbell, 150 lbs ba
con ; A R Raven, 1 bbi flour; M:pr lAjised,
1 bbl corn, 50 lbs bacon ; Ii G Lewis, 150
lbs corn, 40 Us bncon ; Sion fl R gar-, 200
lbs I aeon ; Kemp P Baitle, 500 bustiels corn,
600 lb$ bacon.
On motion, a comm'ttee "composed of Messrs
P F Pescnd, Jas Litchf -rl, (t M Farns and V
R Richardson, were appointed to solicit further
subscriptions in the city ot Rala'gh
It was also recommended that similar meet
ing be held in ercii Captain's District in the
county, in' futherancc of tbe objects of this
meeting, ai d that committees of tnrcj be ap
pointed by the chair with th assistacs of the
Sheriff and county court Clerk for each dis
trict,to solicit c ntributions ;ind subscriptions
On motion th meeting then adjourned.
CH AS. MANLY, C.mirmau.
R. G. Lewi-s Secretary.
Visit of Yankee Cavalry to Monroe.
N. C. -On Wednesday last, about 3 o'clock,
a squad of thirty-five yankc cavalry dashed
ii to the village ot Aiaroe, Union county,
temainttl about an hour and left carrying of
all the horses and mu es tney. could gather up
A train of wagons, ten in number, belonging
to a party of refugees from Chester DLtri t
i ad just reiched the village ami were, stand
Tnor iu the streets when tl eyankees appeared
Of course the train wa seized, snd horses
mules, and wagons wih. their contents, and
19 ngro men. -wire carried off. 13. of the
negroes esoopeel from the enemy and returned
to Monroe the same night. Tbe lo;s is a
heayy one to the unfortui ae refugees, for we
suppose the wi gons contained all the valuables
they possessed. The women and children that
accompanied the wagons wei left standing
in the streets of Monroe.
" No buildings were burnt in the village
not even the Court House and jail were injur
ed but the enemy seized whatever they want
ed and carried it off. Two couriers (sent out
from the place) stationed ac Monroe, wre
captured Charley Bremand Marshall Junes.
Charted Democrat.
Wre learn that the Yankees are still at their
devilish work of destroying property acd pun
ishing thecit;zens wherever and whenever they
fall into their hard. Ii has been said, by
some of the apologists of tbe Yankee invader
that when Sherman's forcc3 pa-sed out of
South Carolina into the "Old North 'State,''
thsy would ref rm their evil habits ; and, in
stead of robbmg ben roosts, breaking open
smoke-beuses, burnicg bams, and insulting
old age and defenceless woman, tbey would
behave like gentleman. But such is not the
fact, for we learn that their treatment to citi
zens of this S ate, has b3en in many ins'ancss
of the most brutal character.
As anxinstan:e ef their conduct, wp learn
upon what we deem good authority, that an
agfcd man, Mr; Graham, living near Fayette
vilie, was visited by a, band of depredating
Yankees,' on Saturday night last, his houses
burned, and he arrested and marched off in the
dead of nighc.
Similar ontrages are reported' a having
been perpetrated in the counties of Richmond
and Robeson.
- The able ar.d j Hit acd christian communi- j
cition. signed Grotius, was written for the j
"Chris-tian Advoca'e " and was kindly furn-'
i?h d fo u-, by its Edifor, in sdvnce. We
c-rouiuna u 10 me ptop;e ior its wisao.i 1
truth.
, For the Christian Advocate.
Mr Deab BaoTUER Psll : Ever tince this
present war cornmenccd I have, been deeply
impressed with the moral bearing whiih it
has upon the present and the f.jlur, but I
bve been disinclined to newspaper articles,
and have tho-e'ere confine 1 myself in dis:us
icg this subject maitdj to my limi e 1 sphere
in the pulpit. I have, however, concladsd to
reg you to indulge me wiih a corner in the
Advocate while 1 hb.t at a f.w facts. It may
1 e some one w.ll read thcra and be encour
aged. Tbe wars canted on for nearly Pre hundred
years between the fost tribes of Israel ard tre
hcuse of Judah turned upon the great ques
tion of Idolatry and toe worship of the one
true and iovbibta Grd. During that lonsr
period. G d never .allowed Id latry to tri
umph; ana (or theiijpertinacionsoppe,sitioD'to
the laws of Moss.the trdioancs of G cTy
tbe-ten tribes were broken a-.d di-p"r.-ed, and
disappeared ir'Wtbo kcow'elge ef hisory
and of the world. This wa hut the demons
el ration of a gret principle npo 1 which G.-d
deals with nations rmd pples. Infidelity on
the cue hand and faith in GoJ on the other
is the poi it upon which- has turned the success
or downfall of nations aid empires. Accord
ing to the teachings of h:stt)ry, wherever this
isse baa been pTeseuted, God has un f 'rmly
vindicated his henor aud ih purity cf bU
own worship. In ihe case of. the Jwirh wars
already alluded to, He nsver allowed the laws
of Mosps and the ordinances f His bouss to
be a tult crated by Idol-worship O t th? con
trary, Ge'd gavrstbo most signal interpositions
in virdieaMon of II s name and Hi3 boner. I
might here 21 ve in de' ail the remarkable in
terpositions iu the ca of Abijah against
Jerebeam; Jehoshaph t against an itiu ruse
combir e 1 army, in which God utt'rly des
troyed the combined enemy ; and in tha csj
of Hezekiah agdnstSeracharib whsrc thesn
gel cf God drs'royed onehundred anl eighty
five thousand Assyrians in a night. Lvt the j
reader examine these'at bis leisure and seie
how God, at the ery juncture, wlrn to mere
human view, till was los. interpostd t) sus
tain the hcus 3 of Judah and wiih it the re
ligion which he had delivered to tha nation.
Tbe sime principle operates no. that did
then. Idolatiy was tbe rejection of the G'd
of Israc1. Ir.fideljty holds exactly the re'a'io i
to God now that Idol itry did then. Adaut
the truth of tlds statement and we find a par
allel in our oVh case which rrt- wtll encour
age tbe faintest heart. Let us s.3e how this
principle wi l apply. Gi to the churches iq
the Abolition Statesand it is appiretit to the
most ca: ul observer that a semmi-iufidclity
has engrafted itself upon all the rhnrches in
thos-3 States a higher lawism has virtually
and in fact supplante I the word of Goel re
pudiated the divine authint:ci?y of tha scrip
tures. As a consequence of t Js iufidelitv, the
du nerous Isms of tbe N r h have spruug up
the head ai d front of which is ' Aholiti yuism.
Then follow the Protein brood fre-e'oviism,
gpiritualism, rapperism, sweedenborgianism
rationalism, sensualism, &c. &c, Ail
mixing - and nnngaug with the Fcant
fuims of religion drawn from the Bibic
in their pulpits. Frt in this adulterated state
of the public mind, proceed their disregard ot
humani'v. of purity anel innocence, of the
obliga'iins of the Bible and their savaj
cruelty. This furtii.shes a precise praliel
with the ten tribes of Israel who mixed Idol
try with the religion ot Mos3s, and were ever
invading the ianl of Judah i i a barbarous
manr.er.
Now turn y ui eye to the S'ates o
tbeS u'h, and you fiud none of this mixing
of ii fidelity with the religion of the Bible.
The pulpit is stili pure, and its micisters en
force nothing but the pure word of G d an
old f s'doned gospel. Those are fc;s il a
. none cau deny, and of which I have bsen an
observer for thirty years; and upon the truth
of them, I assert w'thotit the fear of success
ful contradiction that wc hayo in the Con
federate States proper the purest type of reli
gion now known to the christian world. Is it
just then ? I it right ? Is it christian like to
give up our faith and doubt the final i-sue ?
Was not infidelity the cause of the downfall
ff Israel ? H.-.s it not been the cause of the
overthrow of nations and f-mpires? L' t not
then tho tw who believe iu God baely aban
don th ir faith. In the present war is invol
ved "the successof true religion, the preserva
tion and propagatiou of the pure gospel of
Christ. To abandon the cause of the South
is to abandon the cause for which the refor
mers suffer d martyrdom, ft is - in substance
to abandon the eauso of God and basely to
yield the hiyh trusts committed to us for the
future of the World's redemption.
" I sperdc tot ouly.'from, the history of the
past. Th?se are fids which baveiallca un
der my ols3f ration for the past four years,
which go tJconfi.rm the truth of these stat J
mr:ts. In evt ry .instance where professed
christiaus have. de-ertad the causj of the
' South ar.d g.ue over, either in heart or jr
son, to the enemy, they have uniformly lost
their iciigion and becme extremely wicke-L
This is a legitimate consquer ce, btciuss, as
I have already said, wiih us is tbe pure gospel
and to us is committed in this struggle its de
fence, and the future prepogaion ami etsjoy
ment of the great principle uf the R'f rmers.
Add t) Jhis the unchristian spirit in which
these Northrr.i infi-Ms prosecute this war
against us, tbe savage barbarity with which
tney treat helpless women aud children, the
avidity with - which they clamor for our blood
and treasure, tbe vindictive spirit with which
they override constitutions awl la ws, aad ap
propriate cur hard earned all to th'm.ijlvrs,
and th -ir oft repeated purpose 10 remove the
"old land-marks," and like the barbarous
Danes in their invasijn of the British Isles,
appropriate our lauds, and houses, and tene
ments to themselves ; and last of all their
brutal outrages upon some of the purest and
noblest christian women of the South, and you
have tne best proof of their infidelity of their
God-d;-fying sensualism, of their utter dis
regatd of right of purity and charity. ' Will
not God avDge his own elect who cry day
aid night unto him"? He mo3t assur dly
will, a-jd I think the time is nigh at hand
Iudved, sir, politicians, men w bo seek power
and love it lor itiown Sike,aod togiin it luirui
nate doctiiues calculated to trati?b-r the public
mind trooi re iance upon Go 1 to mere humtn
pnver and device, arc mainly re-sponsjbie for
the continuance ef the war.and lor iht lives
and blood of our noble socs who have fallen in
defence of God, auej the purity of bis church,
because they haveretarded tne return of the
public mind to God. - -
If our .people woul i present one undivided
heart one uniform sentimpnt oH.umil.'ation
and suppb'cation before God, th struggle
would soon end end in our trivniph end iu
aconplete and glorious vindication cf Gcd
and in the perpetu Uion of civil liberty and the
ri-'bts of private ju lgnie-nt to our gnera.ins
after us end, it would, in glorious, coveted
peac.and in haptirn tf the new bjin r.a i n
with the unction of Heav-eu.
Grotius.
From the United Stain.
ANDY JOHNSON TAKES THE OiTH-HIS "erEECIl"
IX AI'TlfJCC.
A Washingtm litter thu depicts the scene
ia tho .S.-nate Chamber 1
While the foreign ambasaloM wre takiaj
. their yens, Mr Himlin concludci Ids tpecch,
whrn Vice President elect, Mr. J ihnon cca:
. menced his address, before he had take?! the
oath cf eui-e. He bad hern talsins about
five mirutcs when the Preaidnt e .tred tho
er.d .,f t.he Clerk's desk, near tho mem' cre of
nis e-ab;nef. . .
1) iring all this tiuu Andrew J.hnoi for
such he s'mply was then, net hivhg tak?T th
oath of office (wcu'd to heaven tlmt it cou' J
be said in behalf of the country that he it
still euily Andrew J .hnsjn) continued his
spee:h. Such a speech. Ii mig'it.luve bce.i
nppr -priate at some l.tiviu in Tcnnsfj but
it certainly w as far from being approp:ht on
this occasion. It was not only a rdn?ty-n:nth
rate stump tp-ech, b it disgraceful in tin rx .
trcmc He tiad not proceeded far whta iScfiia
tors en tin R publican siir leau to hir.y
their heads, sink down in tVir fe.it, I . k at
each other with t iguificne. as mn .h as to
sy, "Is he cruzy or what is the matter?'
They exhibited in evt ry feature great un'a&i
tuss There was no mistaking thi fat thu".
the Suators'wt re mortified i:i the extrcm?.
The DemexNtic S?oators leaued forward and
appeared to beehucking with each other over
the fgure ma V by the Ri u'dic m part j
through their Vico President elect. The A r
c'gn ministers showed unmisUkaV.e sins of
amazement as th incoherent sentences camo
from Mr. Johnson's lips. Ibpub!i'an Sena
tors movpd arc'UiiJ in their seats, unable to
.sit still -under th exhibition bevre them.
Some of tbe Senator, sat side wipe.othrrs turned
their backx, as if anxious t hide them el vs. .
Luckily fir th iu?mnr.i ef the Hous? of.
Representative-, they d,d n t r?a!i the S at
Mntilevvral minute- after 12, and they were
not butjected to Lut a small' portion of thi
scene.
The .speech was dcotrnretcd. the soiincc
so incoherent that it is iniji)sibh to give ix
accurate report f his ? pctri. As hi entn.
ces came up iu the reporters gallery, the ttate
nunts that your President is a plebviau 1 am
a pi b-i.n. glory in it Tenncosco his never
g"nc out of tne U.d n I am going to talk
to minutes and a half on that point I want
you to bear me. Teunc&3e always was loyal
we ail d- rive our powr from il.e p.ople
Cnief Justice Chape is but a creature cf the
people I want you to hear nn two minutc
en that poir.---ou, Mr. Stanton, Ssere'ary of
War, derive your authority aud power lrm
the people. Who is' Secretary of tho
Navv?'1 wan then hv.rd. in a voice of lo-s
volume. S 'tne cne respond? 1, '-Mr. Wcl-I'-s.")
You, Mr. Welles, Sxretiry of the
Navy, ge t your p wer from the peo ple Tnis
was the stTa n atid tone of the whole speech,
mixed wlta a lecture to the Senate on the ac
tion of the Setrate en the rebel I ous States.
It was imp ib'.e to fiivca full repv rt sit
ing in the g I ery. The constant clat'er of
v ices in the icir, declaring, "What a satne.
'II s be no friends?" "lithrciit' (wiMawho
will have m r.y up a him ?" "Ttl him to
stop an-i stye the. country fur her di-nc:.'
were so numerous thu it entirely r .e:itd a
full rrport bring made. The only full r 'jort
was that of the fficial reprte.s t f tin Globs.
'Ihe Senators, however were so oharined at
the speech that they notified the Qlobe report.
r t suppress his copy, and wait until Mr.
J hnson ouM wri e o it a st cec'a, thr.t this
affair might r ot go bef ire the world iu that
fonp. It is eh iritable to say that his c: n !i
tioa was such that ho was unfi- to make a
speech. He evid-ntly did Lot shun B airbotr
cou'Hy, K utucky.ou I i"" way hvre.
Mr. Ji-hns n frially conclude ! his speech,
whereupon Vice-Pn siJeut Hamlin a ln;uts-
tered to him the oath ofoffi-o. Mr. Hiudi.i
read the oath by Bentcnce, and Mr. Johnson
r jeat.d it after him. The effort of the Vico
President elect to go through with tho form
of repeating the sentences a read by Mr
Ilam'in was j ainful iu tiie ( I'n mo. Hi
stumbled, stammered, repeatel portions of tt
s-iveral tinics over. The moment that ho
concluded this task, Mr. Jobnsou turn! to
the a jdience and cuamct ced another speech,
giv ing to those assembled his idoa ef tho oath
which he ha 1 just taken. He hid uttered
but two or three tcnlences when some of the
officers standing near h:tn l a 1 the good sense
to stop birn, he having already o cupied somo
cdneteen minutes in his former speech,, and
elclaycd the proceedings byinieLall muge,.
They were unwilling that thej should ba any
.1.1... .1 .. : 1 i- ..i.,.lP"V
this new eiticiat. n ins n-rctotore oxa tno
cu-tom to close ell spe-c-fces tbe moment that
the Judges of tbe Supreme Court ard dipl j
matio corps reach the Senate Chamber. Mr.
Hamlin, in atcordaDCe with this u.si'e, closed
bis speech in time to give Mr. J ohus n botno
seven minutes to mike his ren arks bf.re tho
arrival of the above dignitarhs. But Mr.
Johuson did not appfjtr to unlorst and the
usage on tuch occasions, or c!ss was not in
cliixd to foil w them, so the diplomitio gn-.
fortunately, the worst part of it. The in
. incut that th nev Vici President had ben
silenced, Mr. Hamlin declared the old Senato
adjourned.
-
The ' vkrt Acr" of Maximilian.
Y'ankeedtn, sure of easy vict)ry, projeed
ed to avense the " ov.ert act" of tha South at
Fort Sumter. t Subsequftitly, France, by a n
"overt act,r smashed the Mouioe doctrine into
fragments, and Yankocdom did nothing, not
being so .sure of success. Now JMaximilian
performs the " overt act," and yet Yaokeedotn
is still. One of tho " Herald's" New .Orleans
cr-r respondents confirms previous reports re
ceived by way of Havana, that Maximiliai'j
officials at Matamoras have ordered away Mr.
Cimpbell, United States Consul at that port,
becau.-c he was accreiixed to tha Juriz gov
ernment, and that clearances for American
merchant vessels are now refused
There has been doubtless a change of policy
on the part of the great nation of humbugs ia
the matter of "overt aots ;" and if the little
fifTa'r r r ?SMll 1 1 iT fl W II I 111 rr a Wrfc uriiram rvK.i.
lit insubatioa ati the " smasViDg of tho
shell"' would perhaps be, toay the least, suf
pendtd indej5nitely
Poisoning. An attempt to poison tbe wifa
of Rev. M. E. Grunert, f this place, was made
a feW days since, by her servant girl. Tne poi-
son was put in a bowl of, soup, of which Mrs.
Qruoert, being unwtll, partook cparingly, caus
ing only vomiting. ' A little dauht jr, however,
partook freely of the eoup, which caused htr
death in a short time.
The girl admits that this is the third attempt
at poisoning her mistress, and has implicated
others in procuring the poison for her The
wretch has beeu om nited to jail, and richly
deserves the fate wrdch awaits her. Twj ue
cr men bave been committed for trial, an ac
cessaries, ad others may yet be implicated.-
SalfmTrett, '
doer from tho Senate lobby, at the right of tho
Clerk's desk escorted by Senators Hendricki
and Foster, Mr. Lincoln takine hii rf.it at ttis