; Ci!T nadHate Xtws-
K.me f -yr City coteo-porarie Laving ma?- ;
. ...r-untK the statement that the Adtmoc, when cFtued. ;
fi!v ami Slate Items.
;V
:f v I t otters show,
A- Iow ta.B-
! hau S26.0G0 iu eald cu hoard, belonging to too
I State. I arrowed from soma of ur Banks, th j on their way to Camp Holm?, from whence j
The Latfst Army News.
mi Vht, on tho arrival of the J ine s
car Urgs numbers of desTteH who have ! OI
vivca thcraaWc. up, pat by our office door ' etig news from our armies :
r ftUJi Vf V - - A J.B
)ery
i Cc.-r.r:r of yesterday, uo doubt by aulnorily j
We havf j svg t...Ee ei.t;re ti,jpU;i;t of gold ou the j
r. but we do n'.t I- i tllrri wa, mae by private partie cu their own j
they are fir":.n!e.l to their rpsctive com- , lWrgew by the Central tri , Friday
a r . .. sav that the enemv s c viiry. whomade
' -'.m.-BrUt-jl, that G?n. WillUmsof Wheeler
tnmand, who was cut cdf from the rcnin
I rcp has arrived la Fiet Tennessee, bringing
'ith him a larjJ imtDb-T of rc.rull, over
00 horses, and a. co.i?idcrao;e n'utnbor of
f.
. att! rmti IInttickv. The ' ndAimn aava
. would he Drndaut io say morj at this ( tcr.nnt General Grant the followlns official rc
LatfM from the I nitcd Mit.
Fr.m 5l. B-lti--:v . . -.ii: i" f -fHtfilltAj&'d
VitiKiM. iKitt.T it TtlK Akiltt
Mrtjor Oenernl Sl.eriJa'n transmits t) If u-4'
initios. Thi
j a,-c.,uut, a:i cti tby paid the suat j
fo'tisLr.e-s aua ; freight. Neither Gjv. Vance nor tha btate
. r, thi rom"iina 2s M" ; vera interested a dollar iu it, except in receiv- j
Ve a&y of NluS the; iotae freight. The 6titea ictrt ia tfee j
down to
-
: daily fihce ti-.f
crc was euill
dav of the
l t cai that unmnv ifVBirv w '.fitnniii
i.a been the cae for several j rftV, tn iUn:l!;in brit!:re. last Alondav. are I
week .s past, rirJ we cipprK9 snne two or ; ftj-j jn Qui pc per, and that two bridles of !
three ibousand lve thus been returned to j infantry are reported t have reiafurced thia. i
dutv. Let thta-e who are stiH out fil!ow thia ! THE battlz near wikckejstiu. j
have dcx
: ua'.u otUr-i as yt-u would
. - " the iltrtc-ritc B'JliS
.O -- c-
ul.-iit e-3 upoa their
tit
extenaiiig t- cuy about ICO
er 170 bale of cottou. Neither Gov. Vance
nor the State have borrow J any goiu froa th j
lijaki, or uny eae etae, to seavi to curope.
There hia beer, no necessity for it. Tse State
ind.-s i t,wes " debt iu E,irjPe at all ir'!l3rau3- 15 aQ
X. . V-ktat i urv n ipHaii!i rfi nf iho h-AtMrt naf Win- I
d m o bomb-pnf places from out cbegtCTf jjt Motd3y from a:i intelligeat officer
of the ranks, ntjd those who dodged in before j wllrt was T rePnt 0?T the ocoaiion:
oing into the ranks, the muitia arid homo
guard officers, the justices of the peace, con
Btah'es, especially the non-prodnees, and
About dayiizht te ene.ny advanced by the i
Berryville roai on litrus'.ur, who was posted
at the Spo-at iSprin, on th sinie rad. tome
four rr.ne:; pas' ol Wiucnester. Cxordou was at
, f U-.ve thy neighbor as
...v i'ttS-j of the p-aoe-
is vur day au
t - r
n "ft r v i .t
i..-o.iiutaivcrKiiy
in lit
c
. :ci d to -ui-e-
irjd broth-
i chiieation to py ii not eoasiiere-i debt io
commercial parlance until it i du 2. Six !
moalhs after the Biffing of t treaty cf peace
betvreea the United fcitatea und the C;nfeier- j
key, the State 01" North Crolin wi'U ww cer- j
tic parties in Eogland arorta'tn amount of
cp.wijey, payable oulj in eattf-t aud naval store, j
delivered at the port of Wilmington, fr the re- j
de cutiou of the Slate's eott,o aud naval store
IJu: t:.-i hJ:!--"y --" . ' ' j boadi. A large portion r.f tneeotton ana naval
: c',ntrudi,ti.-.ii 't t,,i3 ; Rtoro. to make tnat payment, tg already en
i r-;;.'.i:a thiry, -i:ic the i ta:d at pmta away frjui the enemy's reach.
f ; i: ;v-j!ir.i? star-s tn ! go far froos Gv. Vanee having to borrow gold!
.'iir i.favy sorrows, afHictiocs ' ; fr0ra the Bank on State acccuat, he would be j
1 : .-t fA our ruioole ' aan n Mni rJprihle amount of exebanse !
,,pi i. fc t - V , I iaiVA V ' 34 W
....l Ui:'-ji o! dovci, to prey upon 0B England.
; r- !;:,e another, rather than aist j Dvid liethuce, Esq., of Robeeon, who was
r.i th'i itHie of our country's and , gC) s.ri0uiy and it was feared fatally injured
.i, -f r.uz and afllictiou. i by the recent Railroad collision, is doing well
, ; . I;itaii, sordid, grove!!inz, av- ; at the "Petti grew Hspi'al," ia this city.
. li drattifcd the n;i;k Qae of his legs has been amputated, the opera-
fintn breasts that LHh-; tia being skilfully performed by Dr. L. Burke
Lee, IIod aod E irly wi:I soon have their, ati'Ker t un the MartiDsburg road, on a
ranks nil 1 to repletion. Better come volun
tarily than have to be sent for.
Th GohhV oro' Stale Journal has ben io-
foriiied that thirteen of those persons who t 7 a. m., Rodea, cmome:-ced movin? back to
, ... I the tv lint of attacic. Vharia remained cn
r,rt T-.i -.fiiVrirll!. tli TUUIC I'.'I iiiacr I I . .
r.n Tuesday iar, have he.?n returned, the yaa
kees refjjin to rc-cfi'e thern.
1 1 iTT 11
reoonnoisyancp. uen. lilies wes acnopewpn
Church, near Whitehall, to the left of the Mar
tinaburi; ni; about eiht milea below Win-
cheaper. About dayiint, Gordon, and utiout
.t , , v - . 1 r.T fV.M W u rt i - 11 -r rnol a
hort distanco below V luchester. About 10
or 11 a. in., ail of eur troops were on the field,
cur line facing east the enemy's facing west.
R-mseur stretched fnm Abraham Creek to
thp Berryville pds:e R ules had taken position
between him and Garden Wharton, as we
have stated, holding the left. The battle nw
bore strongly toward? our left.
About half past twelve, Gen ttodes, who
was placing a battery in the gap between
himself and Gordon. W29 struck by a ball,
..... . -1 r 1 1
T 1- r t,-y-a Mrae tl,orr. i a.t behind the ear. and borne Irom tne ne:u
iaen. ween ucm. -ulca. - ....... ' u aa
in a iivins t.namr,u. us w aiwrtiuu
In ordf-r to prevent a nv.Jappreheusior!, it
is only necessary to state, that the Lieutenant j
Watson who?e .sentence by court martial re
cently has been noticed in the newspapers, is
not Lieutenant Watson of Johnston county.
Greei,:-b ru' has ben honored of late with
the presence of several distinguished gtntle
!
)Ud
d' i-Iorahi
r vrv iv,in. worn a ain
; the liced of hun:iu eynipathy
t . j-ainfu'.ly Live te.ted its truth-
T -
.h-..late relurce. enven
vs, hi;SiS-:U, h.ot-weary
. 1 1
. t r st v; here te bintioa an, 'we.i
2 i-;.'? are so uiuch coveted, and
p"; '.hit ti.ty no more find them thiin ;
t;.e Yf'.l-w go', i p'tsca that used to
,.,:..!'" through the inter?tice. of
,,.:.ti I-l pur-.es. Ask the bereaved
..15 : th- 1 '-';' orphan who.e bus-band
:rr i.m u -bly fallen in defence of Li
jnl i.ia country men, how much 'A
sincere. genr...'s. Kulinj aid and
: :ur; h-ive rcc ivcd from those wlx.iu
::..t'.'r and provider died to save
and wr'ntr horn
f,r hum in woe, and Haywood, Cbief tJurgeou of the Pettigrew Hos-
ver -psn to extend reiki pital, ajsisted by other Surgeons, whose names
! wc nnve noc learnea. air. u:uuac i .uj
x... V,- ' cared for, ani it is believed he wilt soon be
1 child ! U'CC L( relurn "0Ece-
liiLF.r Caole, of Montgomery county, Co. E,
16th C. Ileginerit, a notorious deserter and
robber and the murderer of an old man named
Si-Kuan, has been cn trial for a considerable
time at Petersburg. Witnesses bad to be sent
from Montgomery county. He was finally
; coavicied, and was k9i on the 13th of this
month.
Th? Greensboro' Citizen very justly com-
lain?, it the charge be true, that soldiers are i
rxamined uly two days in the v?ek by tho
Suriiross (the Hospitals at t'aai post, and
says that sjldiers arriving on .termediato
days, have to wait until the regu.ar days for
exam;natiou corae ruuud. Wo are glad to
learn that no such ridiculous and heartless
custom prevails at the hospitals in this city.
v.r r.-e oppres-Hon ana p...g 1 Th regulation here is, to examine every sol-
.:..-:i-r and murder and t-o inat.y ; arrivps what ii still
t. point to rags and povcity, to Lie . ett?Ft :4rrangements are made for the board
.i.-ai b-rrei, the meatless hiUs--, tiinr utr .-.f every such man at the hespi-
vf-ft and their squama want,
.nk O A, all are not the heartless, un
V. wref?!:8- wi- h iv described, but many
By uv t:;.ds arc im persons - - XVft rr4,5iested to Fav that Mr. II. TJtley,
I;ctur- Aud WUl 7 WlVV" ! of ibis city, hold, hirr.sclf in constant readi
ut.ce.l a upon even tne o'.-vv- ' m,,SCncer, either on gov-
t r..1,! wa,or t tho t hirst v " " . u
10 -1 w a., r - nr rnr pr vate Dames. Hav-
t'A - . - . v 1 : J
; in : c insider wl-j experience iu tm- iumuc,
he i prepared tn execute it with dispatch,
i Captain S. M Finger has been promoted to
I the p:itho ot C-'ntroiiing Qnart-rms?er of
I the Tax ia kind for this Sute, with the rank
J of Major. I omu u ideations t'- r him !-h uid
: he addressed to Chai lutte, N. C.
Wo lr.iru that a Utter has been received in
lto hav, city from Captain John C. Gorman, of
the 2nd N. J. rtgiment. uapiain v. cas
a prisoner since the opening ff tho re-
He is now sick in the hes-
Auderson? pita? at Beaufort, S. C, having been sent
wiih manv other Uoniedcrate prison-
.ime, than that the n 'Tiber of rrcrtnU ob
lined wui shottiy speak for themitl vtu .
Faoil rETEttiCLT.G
The Express of S turday savs the day p-c-
ioua was one of the m-fit quit days knuwn
r several weekgaltng the hnft ct; fronting
sat city. Seme think it the lull that precedes
ie storm that h to break upu llicui. Acor-
?pedeht of a Northern journal, writing
; om Fortress Monro, says a "amove which i
istined to astonish somebody, i on the nni
ve th? details of which are contraband."
: 'hi may serve (says .the Exprtsa) to explain
some extent the quiet we arc no erjying
round Fetcrslurg.
. . FBOM GfOFilA.
GeifKiN, Ga., SepteniUr 2l'. There was
brush between Gen. II-cd'6 army auJ the
cmy yesterday afternoon, on tho West Point
.ad, War Fairburu, in which tho Utter were
rien back.
The Uu day'i truce expired to-uiht.
CifaRLnsToir, 3;ptember 22. The enemy
. e again in motion. A column, twe've ur
teen hundred strong, laf: MJrris ifland to
v. and have gone nund ti C)l"'s isUnd.
Two steamers aad a transport, UaJed with
..oops, are in tstono river.
raoi MOBtLit.
Mobils, September 22. Arrangement
ave L-fcfcu eoialwted for the exchange of all
.e prisoners captured in Mobile bay.
T
i
L.ils
fvrr r.f charge. This is a? it should be,
and wo hope that the arrangement Mill be
C )P.";e general.
: : a !:p
7.iZl II f tdee-sing upon a nation
sern. insrUs to God and man. oppress
-. t:.tf p-or and defyr of II'-s retribu
--tice ?
All a Fartr.
. Yr.ckes had a great j dliuoati-m at t!.-
Tavern, in front of Warren'o n-;d-
....... U' p '
- Vwi v.-ho cl.'dmei
G-'nfe-ifrate fissr. 1' was all a fcb-.r
a day or two after Lieut. Gen. Longstreet !
passed through on his way to his command
in Virginia; aud a day or two aftewards
President Davis came along, and made a brief
address to the people. He said he was glad
to see them looking so cheerful and hopeful ;
that notwithstanding our State has been ma
ligned, she is true and her soldiers have illustra
ted her patriotism and heroism ou every field
from Great Bethel to the last fight which
Gen. Lee had on the Weldon Kailrad with
... 1
the enemy. He liKewise expreheu uio jiuo
that we wurdd be early blessed with peace
and independence. He was looking to be in
better health than usuil, and by the light
upon his countenance showed that he was
not depressed, or discouraged.
From Kinstox asd Below Correspon
dents from Kinston give us accounts of a
handsome achievement below there a few
days since. An occasional correspondent
writes, under dale of the 21st, as follows:
Seven men from Captain Brown's com
pany of C"l. Folk's Gth North Carolina
cavalv reiinent, surprised and attacked a
company of the 12th New York cavalry at
Deep Gully below this place, at 4 o'clock this
morrdng, and succeeded in routing the whole
command, bringing off as trophieu of their vic
tory, f"ur prisoners, twelve excellent horses,
and 'all th-ir equipments, with a number of
carbines, pilots, sabies, and sundry other yan
W tiiJks," b subs ieaviag one yankee killed
and another wounded in the camp. The
M,nf.s of the nailani boys who accomplished
thi daring teat aro privates Jno. W. Houston,
J 4 rues W.Griever, Thomas Southerland, Mur
ray S Brown, Wm. Johnson ; there were two
r,i.tTs whose names I have not ascertained.
T ndr.rf:n.d their r noils will biiog them each
Wn thousand dollars Confederate
Eiom-v.h-uil l the property captured by them
be sold for thnr berseht
A personal renconter occurred in ih streets
.... i.,.r n'ovht ht iween two army ofiicial-s in
whl4.h fire-arms and coid ste' were u-eu k
f.nn.tdv no one v,:s hurt to nny serious
i-xtrv.t.
A riiir n from th.e conniry was gnrroied
00 the streets also, a few Lights since sup
hpn donrt ty stiior-s irom
the time by only two couriers. The enemy
continued to push their line around our left,
and about four p. m., their cavalry ou their
cxtrpme right, lappe 1 rur lines some two
miles. This caralry charged our cavalry,
and comepletely routed it ; aud then wheeled
into Winchester, cn our rear. This made it
necessary for our infantry to fall back, which
it did slowly, reaching Winchester about dark.
The whole army tiin retreated on that eve
ning to Newtown uod the next morning to
The Situation in Georgia.
We select the following cheering and hope
ill extracts from the Macon Messenger and
Confederate, just to hand. The tone and
temper of these nxtracts inspire the belief, that
although the situation his been changed in
Georgia bv a temporary reverss, Sherman
will yet rue his occupation of Atlanta, and j
tbat he will soon hud himsel. wuu sspps
cut off, communications destroyed in the rear,
mng to iNewtown-unu me nexi - and an army of sill uneonquere I veterans
Fisher's Ildl, a mue or two from Strasburg, collfrontiuhim on avery side. The into!!.-
wnere ii is uow p'..'.?i'a. m ng""""
miles from Winchester, and a position of
great strength having the North Mountain
on the left, aad Magsanuetan Mountain on
its right.
The battle is described as a very severe
one ; the loes on hdh sides heavy their's
supposed to be greater than ours. We took
some 500 or 700 prisoners, more than we
hst. Averiil is rcpirted. killed; but this is
not authenticated. We lost three guns, and,
of course, left o-vs of our wounded in tho
hands of the enemr. the amoulances or me
arm v. which v; era loaded with wounded, came
here
gnce of want of supplies, which thes ex-
tracia furnish, indicate tbat tne story os so
manv traies arriviug daby with supplies,
and "the railroads being open all the way to
Nashville, is of a peiee with the other thou
sand faisouoods in which nitLern papers
and despatches abound :
L.ATB AND IMPORT ATfT rar'M ATLANTA.
A gentlnv.m well known in this section of
Georgia, left Atlanta Sturdiyat 11 o'clock.
He reports that no train arrived there on
Thursday . Fridiv and Sitnrday, up the time
he left. The Federal army were without a
army, wmmi wciu un n aw.-, v. j - . r a
off safely. With this qualification, we brought j supply of meat wera entirely nut of flour,
.om -..rtiiirv An. There wad j hut had nleatv ot hard ta'k. 1 hey had no
on uui Sv-t - -j, - . , . . j
corn or lorage, ana ineir una umiuis
cavalry stock were "perishing by hundreds."
Thi is undoubtedly true. He h-.iard the tes-
!)(.!-eo
IT
the guubo.it Neuse. one or tne crew was
arrested and imprisoned there.tor next day,
on
identification.
: a- d !e-vptiou the o dors reported to ; b-e;i
. !,,n ...t.-.ro.l TPTPr have teen taken !t campaign.
-a.J.I 'I.n Shilling - C
11 o rr,A mAfljIs for ! there
riceWcb Wcre n,wr perfot.1 n, to bo uhd ,, plm, . recede th,
hi,, that Kd, !. mi!J for . f'" bu,n.
-P.Uh.lUS!rfth 24.1. N. C.,! We !cu fMrt .r ,h C.P.. H D F.lr.
1 f , , T f!arvr and Lt. Ha held, all of Gompa-
r i 1 anvthimr of the sort. bvral 01 trie . - wr'r AU
" x t.,t v r rmr ..ini ju.i trom tins coun-
Nof this raiment have called uprntev 1, - rwli
1 of the Pctcisourg Express to say tnat ; -
-t.tMstillin pospssi,nof the regiment
v,.....-. nro.iMtP.-l bv Mrs. I See Notice or enrolling
J. Clark, th wife of the Colonel who i Congressional D.strkt Also Advertisements
-U the raiment, and it will never be f,r Sale of Piano, and Hire of Negroes aud
--i while there is a strong arm and a Overseer Wanted.
heart h-ft in the command to defend it. The Goidsboro' State Journal says :
: gi-lar.t boys of the 24th, under the I wc eam from a number of sources that
,1:. . r. ? rs.,.1- Wn In i Vl!,..- Pnvpr nrevails to a considerable ex-
I . . - -V 1 . I I. in) wm Jl iin 1 V n klll'll
01 id .uern. -
char.ctvr as to remove all doubt from our
! mii.d on the .-ubiert We first hearo the ru-
' Mine explosion, and where tho tijrht j mo n..ariy two weeks sgo, but did not credit
. . 1 ... 1 .t. .1, nrniUt ' it- wl b-t if r.USS aS SL tUUlOr.
in I-Ollrbl alia luc vju.iiri i 4l " - r . . , ., :j U.
Otitcer of the 6th
-r.i . 1, rti, war frnni the I tent 10 ewoeru.
t-v Ti..r : a
. .l rr.nir:oTn HnWn to 17rewr s diuu
r- . .1 . l .xniUn. in.
V i -1V 1 f. .tl,.rl l-!riil!f'.ltm"! tlOS n.v2T. I
'-''. "tnt'inz the valor and renown the tV ellw fever has visited New-
Old North Stat-. j brn be'toe. out it is many years since in
j 181 1, we think.
The Vail Of Atlanta. j jt0 State Journal has alo the following
- Richmond Sentinel says Sherman's j tcn,s .
r: tement.bv which he threw a portion I
-lv inrun Illuta lit liiC H ni t .'-v-
The third flag of truce, nnder the command
! oi Captain R. T. Fulghum, Aid-de-carap to
! (ipn Baker. !ft Kiuston for the yankee lines
ul.l l -ve ltn FevpTelv censured !y milita- vt-ster lay morning, with thirty to forty per-
n . ' 1 1 1 . - L . bL.a ' '
- ' !- ' '
'aniig it A a rash niat.aavre, ana j (jen
i
tr.ra had it not tern crowned with success
Quite a number of ppl- have recent
ly been passed through the lines below
here and sent to yankee-land. This point
has been made rather a convenience u iuw
purpese by both aovernmcnts, durinsi the past
iix nonths. Many, both in and out of the
army have given ominous shakes of the heau,
and uttered grave forbodoings, as to evil result-in-
thendiom ; while others rejico- and
''chuckle'' over it. The policy is cither emi
r ei.tly wise or eminently unwise. But as I
am not wise en. -ugh to know which, I am
perteet'y content to leave the whole matter to
he authorities permitting it, hoping, however
it u ail AU Ail !
It hrviug been made known, yesterday
morning, that President David would prob
ably pass on the 1 o'clock train, a goodly
number of citizens arnl soldiers gathered at
the depot to see and hear something from this
distinguished Statesman and patriot. On the
arrival of the train, it being certaiuly abcer
taiued ihat he was aboard, he was waited on
by Mayor Shaver and Messrs. Hal! and Shober,
who conducted him to the platform from
which he delivered a pretty little speech.
74 o t...u1 a hiedi compliment to North Caro
lina to tho firmness and patriotism of her
people, and especially to tho gallantry of her
troops as evinced on the many bloody battle
fields of Virginia, beginning with the farst
battle of Bethel down to that of Ileams Sta
tion He said though the tongue of slander
had been busy they had redeemed every
rro ,.f thfiirStato aud shown their deter-
1 ... e,n r.A ini.t.pnfl... ot the
IIC& -V luwj,v
rntisiderable s.raL'lii.z n our part
The casualties embrace Mai r GeH. Uoites,
killed ; Brigadier General Godwin (of Ports
mouth, Va.,) killed; Major Gen..Fitj. Lee,
aid to be slightly wouudel ;) Brigadier Gen.
v.-.-ir 'n..rr.r...iridiru- llav-.' and Stafi'.rd's
Louisiana bnga ;:e.) arm snoc on ; acuu
Brigadier Gen. Thomas H. Carter, com maud -iu
artillery, sli'dly wounded by cheil in
back ; and five Color.., names not rfcmemuer-
ed, killed. , .
Bri". Gen. I5att!e, ot Alaoama, is in com
mand of R des' division.
The Chronicle inlormant states that the
fore oof the enemy was vry large, aiure than
two-fold our nuBshrr. Up to the time of our
bein- flanked, wc were pushing tkem.
AS OTHER accovuv.
The Lynchburg Republican contains an pe
eount of the battle, agreeing in the main with
the above, with a few additional particalars.
Am oug the wounded officer, it says it is re
ported tbat (i?n. ham-eur ift an arm. iai.
is hardly so. however, or wm. iolehigeuce of
the fact would have been recced here by thi
time. Ccda. H ps- ana Glover of Georgia
were killed. Cwl. Pickus of Ala., wouededm
u-'id. Col. C.-rttr brijusly wnded. W
Ivst bt Ui fefi.ii'..
THIS VJiKY LiTSi-T US-'K THE VALLEY.
Official dispatches have been received in
KL'hmofcd ftatinii that the enemy attacked
General Early at Fisher's Hill, late on the
22 i and succeeded in forcing back tne ielt of
his line and throwing a force in his rear
compelling him to abandon the position, leav
ing 12 pieces of eamion in their hands, thetijh
lofiiag but few men.
KOHTSKBX ACCeUJi'TS.
The Petersliurg Hrpress of Saturday octains
extracts from the Pbdadelpfeia Inquirer and the
Baltimore American, giving extended yankee
accounts of the Valley tight. They teem with
telegrams official d;?patchts, editorials, locals
and descriptive account of the confi.ct. The
whole north seems t hae gone erasy over tne
affair. Lincoln is highly elated, and Sheridan
t
.... i !...
.. , ,. , . . i is the lasi hag that wilt oe stui, u uut .
-::r...ou:e.y sent Hardee 10 diM'-lge the r-;iroad accident which happancd the eve
thus sent to his rear. Had this at- 0V tv departure cf the last liag and whicn
" it ?u'ee'cl Sherman would have been ! delaved a nnmbeT of persons on thir way to
-Vl ia a most'eritical condition. His army ! g" by that flag, this one would not have been
1 hrte been cut in two, without commu-
aticn htween its several parts, and might
- rav hfpn destroyed iu detul. Unfor-
-e.y Hardee did not maKe goon ni. ai-
''"i: at J( nesboro'. The enemy maintained
r .vi. All. iruucivu j v v j
' t) evai-uate Atlanta, in order to reunite
: 'c, acd secure his communications.
Hoe various movements and operations,
sent
PuoiiuTED. Lient. G. S. Dewey, Adjutant
1st N. Cavalry, has just received unusual
honors. On the resignation ef Capt. J. C.
Borden, elected Sheriff of this county, Lieut.
Dewev was elected by his company (H) suc
cessively from Second to First Lieutenant
and then Captain, aud then h;s promotion
was aked for on the ground of -peculiar val
or and skill, exhibited on the battlefield."
He was accordingly promotei by ling, ucn
has been appointed a Brigadier in the regular
armv, and assigned bira to tne permaucuw com
mand of the Middle Military Division.
The correspondent of tho Baltimore Amcrt
ean says :
Amnttha killed. I recret-to announce
A. x r- - -- -- 7 -v . . . 1
the gallant Russell, of the First division ,
Sixth Corps, a commander as faultless as it j
was possible for a man to ne or.i. ui.w
rashness, he fell at the post of honor at tho
head of his division while leading a. charge.
Gen. Mcintosh, co n manding the Firr-t bri
gade Second Cavalry division, was wounded
by a pistol ball in the leg, which necessitated
amputation. He is uow dying very well.
nan TTnton. commanilins a division of the
Sixth Corps, was also wounded, but not dan- J
ecrously. . . ,
Of th field and line 3icers I have been
' W t 1 ryV
able to collect few names wno wcru iwiii ,
and wound?d. 1
Amonst them are Col. Baucock, Seventy- !
fifth Nw York, wounded. !
Col. E Bright, One Hundred and twenty
eighth Ohio, Third division, Sixth Corps. I
kil'ed
Captain Wright, of Gen. Dorin's staff, j
killed.
Captain Botenbroujh Second U. S. Cavalry j
A :.l a flan Marritt. killed.
am -. t . T
Maiar Mendeubsra., Second Maine, JM. --.
Sikes Division, Sixth Corps killed.
Tenln verm-ui,
titnouy of the Federal otlkcrs, iu coaversauon
between thermal ves, to the fact, iu these
words. The stock he himtif saw was in an
extremely wretched candiuoB. The enemy
never sent out a foraging expedition of ls
tban a brigade. We belieye theao statements
. .- u ..oirMv mrrect. Our informant als id
that it was impossible for the Federal tric?rs
to protect the exiled population frm pluuder,
and many of the people had fared bvily. Ho
himself had lost all of a valuable library.
TMli KOMIA FH05T.
. Oar army ii now firmly established in its
cma' pofitio.i the left resting on the Chxtta
hooche river aud the line crossing the West
Point IX ad, between Fairburo and Palmetto.
The cavalry on our right is ou tho Macon road
and will attend o any raiding parties which
tho er.-niv may undertake to dispatch ia this
directi -u. Oar army is represented a in cx- j
cellent spirits, while that of the o:.way is said !
to b suf,-iln.i for their accti .toined ration;,
and a prey to apprehensions ihat their situa
:i u 15 bv r.o uscaiij s.cure.
Before the evacuation of Atlaatu, Man
and the siiirounditig country, werejnero ta
les.3 ex nosed, aa was proven bv tbeStoneman
cxpedbwn, to raids ol tho enemy. C-?ncn-
tratiog tiuir cavalry at nm i rauviiK
uoisclessly aroutul either Hank of our army,
the enemy could st many hours start of oar
cavalry aud commit numberless depredations
before they con id b overtaken. A we were
constantly liable to these marauding nipe-ii-tions,
it "became imperatively necessary that
local organizations should be fornaeiT to r
J nd"hold in check the forces of the enemy,
until our cavalry could has-ten to the scene
Tho necessity of thee local
..ran nizntions and their sood f fTcct, were well
iiwt. t.r. in tv Si.nemaf. rail. The deter-
rir.i..J rAKistancc offered by them to the ad
vanee of the -euiy, enabled our cavalry to
catch up with tha raiders ami capture or put
... flirt bt thpir whole forco.
By the removal of onr army to the West
Point road. aeon in morespnsed to raids
than before. It will still be liable to such iu
rnrKinna as the enemy have tha enter prise and
b.ddnes to undertake, and will still be ena
bled to protect herself as she has hitherto
done.
The present position of our army precludes,
we think, the probability of Shermans forces
attempting a move ia this direction. Should
.v,... .iv Kn hazard .us an uudercaking, their
fl iak and rear would be expoecd to immediate
attack by oui army, and the result, wun buu
ua advantage in our favor, could hardly be
doubtful. If any one will examine the map,
they will perceive tbat, in the present position
of the two armies, Macou is better protected
port :
WiscnitsTKm, Va., ft.-pt. If, 7 -0 T. M.
Ji'H. Got. U. S. Grttt!:
I have the honor b report tbt I tt.eU- l
the fcrces of General E-irl.v ocr the ilerryvill"
pike, at tea cr .'u g tf Off n'lnn Creek, an I
hfier.a ni33t itubb-.ra an I sanguinary cngig
meet, which btc ! ft cm early ia the mowing
until i o'clock iu tfe eveidng, con.nVtely de
feated him, drirh-g hbo tbro-igh Wir.cheer.
cptnrtug twenty five hundred yri-orrm, fir
pieces ot nrtilUvy nitis Hi tr.y h 1 nost ';'
th'r wounded.
T ie rebel OcueraU Bo ! sn j 1 d;o we c
killed acd three other general -.'h'r noun leo.
Mot f( the enea.y'i. wounded aui a l cf the.r
dead f-.dl into our knndi.
Oarlessciare eei. Among them t.eu
eral D. A Rassrll, toan.andiug a D'.v;lon ia
tho Oic C- rps, who w killed by n canir. bait.
Gei-trali Uptop, McluUkh and Caapruau
were wounded.
I cannot yet tell our ioe. Th ri.duet of
the cf5 cer? and men wa htm Mipnt.. They
charjed nod c-irried every po5it'nu tau u;' i-y
the Uubeis from Openu Creek to Wiuche
ter.
The rebels were strong In uuaibei s mvl very
obstinate iu their Cgbtiog.
I desire to mention to the Licutnt&t ' ner.il
c.mtr.Ri iing the army, the g illant conduct v(
Generals Wright, Crook, Kinory, Torbert, wad
the officers and men under their cinuiand. T i
Ibem the cu-itryis iudtbted for Ih'n ban liome
vioiery,
A morj detailed report will be furnish el.
I). II. flHKntOVN,
Mftjor deneral Comnjanling.
Tuli details of the csuftitiei will be alTC
when received ly the D'pirtraent.
Euwr?i M. Stantoji,
Secretary of War.
From the New Turk Ienld of the 2Uth.
lar or five Gshio vessel t were seen on fue
eft' the Banks of Newfoundland on the 7th inst.,
and a rtol pirate was reported to be at wcrk
in that vicinity.
From Lvaisville and Vick?barg wo have im
portant infaioiaticn relative to tho movement
or the Sping rebel. roroes in aiceient poruon
ef the Suthwcsr. Fairest said to have been
within fifteen wiles of Memphis on the' lit U
inst., whither he hnd movd from Jackson,
Mis-isippl. where he had previously concec
trated all Ids available troops, ettinintcd at
twenty thousand, (ieneral l'rice ii aid to m
Oido tLreateu'mg Litll Riclr, Arkansas, and
Maiiniduke is reported to be Reroek the St.
l iauci. river with teveo thoutaud men, intend
iag au isva-ion of Missouri. Dick Taylor ban
j .in ed Forrest, ar.d the areatfst secresy m
b';ug observed in regard U their designs.
Our correspondents iu New Orleans ud Mo
bile Bay furnish very interesting " letter ue
criptive f affair in the department f the
Oalfr Th Union and rebel eemmisaionera twr
tbe exchange of pr';our had na interview at
Morcanzia, L.uisana, on the l!th ittant, aud
it is hoped that a general exchaugc may be the
result. Tne attach on the city of Mabila had
not yet commenced. An expedition pent out
from Fort Qaiues had destroyed tmniente rebel
saltworks and inflicted severe dmag'! ou the
rebels. Tk rebtls have been deroyioK grtat
l lantitios of tarpentine and roaiu in tho vi
cinity of Mobile li keep it from falling into t h.
hands of our s-Miers.
Tnere was no oemtMe-ement of the drift in
lhi city- yetcrdny, and uo orders have yt
been reoeived for setting the wbcel in motion.
The Ifrratd says the rjeomint d a M xir.u
f rce uadr Cortioa having cred tho Hh
Grande and ocennicd Browiviil, runniiij of.
- tlie fln of the United Sntes, i discrtvMud
both in New Qrleavt Aud Wwhinion.
tban
when our forces were a-t Jooesboro
but little loss of troops-not so Barringer, hlVc"mm??v
it i. brlievd, as was inflicted on the 30th of August, the dav eG.
Our array 'after ho'ding AtNnta taincy 1 ecame vac ant Tm d"8"
'-?t than many considered practicable, is. ed honor, hot 1 is one C ptam D ew y h
i:v'z to all accounts in fine condition. , raented and wul continue a, me. ,l Captam
"- J difiar.t, while Sherman retreats and avoi h 1 D is sou ot Captain O. b. 3 1
: . t. , , . . . - , . . v ....... ,.;tr -it kmstoii. LtuU-il-at.y u, iu
- 11 :? nernian wuo noios ana ueter.ds
mination to oe
hateful euemy.
He adverted to our recent reverses, and
said though late reverse had befallen our
arms, and a gloom hung over us for the time,
the spirit of the Confederacy was unbroken;
and that vet under the blessing of God wo
would wring peace and independence from a
hated foe. lie advised ail men able to bear
arms to rally to the assistance ot these brave
drparlv in the field. The camp is uow j
the "plac- to secure the priceless heritage han- Majer Dillingham, Tenth
tne piac- 10 seta c fctbrs Tkvn. Sixth Corps, killed.
ded down to us oy our rt-vuu j - . nr. seventh
V . .Wnt rpmrn at once Lieut. Colonel Drew, feevenm
1 T armv co there Cavalry, killed
IO ill' l-will ---1 . ' ----- - - - w
it Hood's go there, and let every man do
what he may, whether in the army or at home,
to sustain the efforts making to liberate i s
from the de-p-tism ol a cruel euemy.
He also applauded the ladies for their ser
yiceard untiring devotion to the cause, and
ur'cd them to resolve to marry no man who
ha ?. shirked the responsible duties ot a wi
Michigan j
Tho fn.pt. which we consider reliable, that
the enemy are entirely without meat, and their
draft animals perishing by hundreds far want
of corn and forae, will render any immediate
move on their part imposiibie.
THE PEACE CONIEEEKCI.
Yte have a pretty reliable report of the re
sult of the informal deputation to Gov. Brown
to invite him to a peace conference with Gen.
Sherman. The latter had Ibis project much at
hart. and seat as his eengr a gentleman
well known, oftugn social ponuou
to whom he tendered written credential, it
desired. He professed great unwillingness to
penetrate further into Georgia and lntliet the
same devastation and misery which were sown
broadcast in his rear. He sent an invitation to
Gov. Brown and other prominent genuc
Lieut Jackson, First Michigan Cavalry, arm . come up an(i talk the matf r over with him,
shattered. . L . . and see if some scheme couia nn uc
Lieut. Mathews, and John Allen, First Michi- , ithdraw Georgia from the war and eave her
ti. h - 11 ira
people from further suffering. u ""V'7!
if Gov. Brown desired it, that the latter should
a --- x 11 j
The Michigan Brigade of Gen. Custer a
command, claim the honor of killing Gen.
Bodes, during the fierce contest which ensued
when tt.y charged a portion of his dmon;
a .... v.. Kottip haH heen fouzht and whilst
our troeps were passing through the streets of
i n a annni' them IOIQo
iI,---- . " " i I
i-i i : . .....i-; i titA
in5tead of Hood, leaving the Lrter the com mar a oi ica uc;r;.
l-rtytoTnove in any direction as his m- j comply origml!yandea by the U
ti rn v Fusrsreet
niatJ FBW. Tart. Rafflrf.
battlirig tor ou; common
had net - - .1 the po
Salisbury Watchman
SrasCBiFE fyrthe 4 'On federate.'
rights, than he who! of the best ladies residing m the town can eut
sheision of either. 1 with Unin flags in their aans ana wdoo
i tt w iBihiititr
m v .mww -
W0M IAST TISKBSSIB.
The ffrnrzTtf mwtt
ride over the State Road te Chattanooga, aee
or.nrit.An nf hi neonle ia the rear, b
realiie the strong claims upon his bympatby it
.-j Th- T-rw of Gv. Brown, we un-
UIVHUW -t J . . rr zr.ll
i. j c mnfih to thi effect : leu
ucrMDu, moo ,7 ... . i
Gen. Sherman that I understand him to be only
a general ef one of the Federal armies, while I
am merely a governor of one of-the Confeder
..c.,, 1 ..ao't i.te how we can negotiate;
ftp if .hould undertake it, how ear negetia-
fTOw (rtrn toft tb aisy jrWGA mhTrf.
EloT IX sT. L')V.
A McCVtian m-t-ti.ig was hroUn up th
right of the I6'.h, by a puty of enid:r,
who threw stnuo:; into the cr. w.l until 1rc
dispersed, whn thn truiparorj-ies were
troyed aad the fiigs carricj t il by the tiimxph
aut rniliiary, shouting Ilnrrali iof L;oColu 1 "
TL affair produced mjch esct.f.:'::.t.
(iUt KKt Lt-i 1 NL'.n AU:XtV.tl A.
Gucrrila are still operating tb country
roiiud Ab'X-u-drii. Several tdghts go they
made a descent up ti alarmsi; f.r jvhi tmlm
south of that city, and ru-th'l ef! iur h.T-.
This is the third'raid md by a";-n ill.is
the cit7cn; of the Acootino i.eighhorh'.d
during the pst leu Jaye.
the PACK MErr AND mYlk?.taV i.rr.ta.
Tho corrpeudtnt of tLe Hera! 1 vxiltci as
follows, nudcr date of thn IS'.h :
k Thero are reports afint here of the tiir.--rnMits
ef the peace men t:at. u;e worth tp
peatin. Iraiieiia't.ly aor MrCi-Hn's letter
of acceptance was puMi-hd Rveral ftnnw
vtieati'Mis passed been V. Bogy (pronoutiw. i
Brjy), of St. Louia, and Yallaudtzhaui, ;.f
Ord,). Botfy is the head cf the p- ic- m n H
Msouri, ranks as F.ecriunut. Pnd h?: h-f u
nnder arrest for di!yi!ty. Iu oi.e f hw
comtnunic.itions Bogy" declares that M:(11
lao's letter is entirely uoaatislactoryaud was
nnxiouato know what bo sheuld d:-. Vnl
lacdigham, in reply, declared that, "the i let
ter wn more than ui.Mlisfawdory," aim .' -wn-d
to sco Bogy immediately. The two havo
probably met ere this and talked thn matter
ovtr.
uric SAT - LAttn raou vvMri.
The steamship Sidoa, C-puiu Martyn,
whi'th left Liverpool at on', p. ia., on the CtU
and Qieenstown on the 7Ui intant, rrivd
at Halilax at half-pai.t two, p. m. yeterd.y
on her vovag to New Yrk.
Nathaniel Palmer & CV, merchaaU tf
London, have suspended, lbeir uaniiuiea
amonut to i20'.U00, their aiset. to thenarm..
The Trinco atd Priio--s of Wale.-embark -ml
on the 2d ititant at Duadee f r Denmaik.
lt is rerted tltut Friuress Dagmflr,
ond daughter of King Christian, of Denmark,
ia aboit to be betrothed to the C.irwitch, tb
e'de-t eon of the Emperor of Uuseia; alo,
that the King ot Greece is to marry a Russ.au
Princes. .,.
It was rntHored that the Brazihau sovern
meut had rejected the propositions fer a re
newal of diplomatic relations with England,
recommended by the Portuguese government
and accepted by the British Cabinet.
The rebel loan ws buoyant, at a furthei
advance. The Bink of England advanced
it rate of discount to nino per cent, .m the
8lConsol closed on the 9th at 87i87 for
money. The bullion iu the Bank of hag
land decreased during the week. The rate
of diacoant was adyahcei to nine per cent on
the 8th inst. The rebel ootton loan waa buoy
ant at a further advance.
Cotton declined Id to 2 on the week in
Liverpool, owing to peace rumors irom amcr-
. .1 f I n 1 nr!
e m tne j-uj- vi
an, an advance in the
l,m ... 1
rate. Breadstuff were dnll ana siisuuy jew
r and woviaiooa inactive in Liverpfel om
er, and provisions
tha 9h inst.
ScsiCRiBE lb the u Ccnfederate.
f