I'ro.'n the Coprv&tive.
'rt-;:iM: Mr'IKs i'lfo'.ul T lie teii-sjurafy Ex-
i -
.' Nor''"
i ) !!.
" '1 "There
P.o : )jf has
j.rour-.r.H'iiiL Sid V:ow over
. I :-. ::. T! nr. i i s;Vie of ifs tiaitor
V.ider. ;rc ktr-juu. T!" ir M "f fi?-
'i.r j 1 - n :"-? J :.!. Tli'r (
- : '."..i:r-!iri:c..tlor." U-tve hccu disrovnvd.
.i -n t.vi.'f".f h r.i ke of ti f-.t? E to
'. : r rivi sv : i I, v v. rit. red to .rn rr!si;i is
v ? . d. ?? r in ur imjt. :nd of the
... , . f.K t.i' rr wled?" ro-pctir.g tho
: . ' 0 ro-.tch which if l;s to destroy
' r t;-' v. r.p won Id pill l! f at'entiou
f t )'i:iij-: ?" th following facts vhich
'-u f'i wv tie iiitbitel.
r ; ,i::.::ij;'.n :.- "krjivR as the H. ().
v rr.- for the wofds-
f t-s triw fo is Truth, Im'M Fidelity and
.7. T';C Mth i. :-. foil .-. :
I. ..Ii.,of nv own free will and accord, ud ia
' t rtrencf of Almighty God, do hereby and
hT.vTnt'niilyswear, or aSrm, that I will
m r rcr' S1 the secrets of the II. O. A. t any
! -r-fXPM't il ho to a true and lawful brother
I r . I f'lrt'.t-rrnore promise auu swear, fLat I v.ill
i f ' r.f;r ti.e decree f the iiero u.n any person
H f io voi!.l, fxc-vT.it I am authorized by a brother
,r. , i p: to do so. I furthermore promise
'1 swcir, thut J will not give t'ne secret wor.ls of
tl:-: rl'ro'iiv. Arty other manner than that which I
shr.'l herr.itter receive it. I furthermore promise
mr -.roar, th:t I wiil not Trrit-at-jjiaint, print, or
tiiin on anythinir nioveahie or immoveable, wbere
y the scrr- urd.s of the II. O. A. may be made
kno wn. 1 furthermore promise and swear, that I
wi:i not ?peak rvil of a brother Hero before his
f.v.'". or behiuJ his back ; but will give bi:n timely
ncri:-e of all approaching danger, binding mjself
ur.'icr a no less penalty than that of having my
hit'l xliot thnwjh f-o help meG jd aad keep in
efv. dfjst in the due performance of the same. '
r":i (J tli ts prftclp'i lv an injuuefiou to
rf i l tlitr L' i CiKipter t.f Jr.oluia ; and by t'ie
qn:sti')n.s Aie yon wiliir.r t ) keep secret?
Are you willing to be fjua'tfied it ?' Ifaf
1ir:nativ an-w rs are ireo, .the cr.udidate is
t"; I to 'n peat his name and b-in.'
4. Ti.e Mirrs are the.-e: Ordinary Sit:
Two finersi ca tko muuth. Answer On
rr pa??fd by theyp.
diffns of di;trets. Right fist cloed on the
V st and left hand aeries tlic mouth.
The words of the II. O. A., are: "These
ate glocmy times." 14 Yes, but . we expect
better" V.'hy do yon expect better ?" "Be
ca ie we look for the cord of enr deliverance." .
Also, the words " Threr, " Days, " Duty, "
net Washi131071," will be coaipreheuded by
tli inforaid.
i. The foriptural nllusions refer to the etery
'iahab the Harlot,' who hung & scarlet cord
!: o her house to secure the protection which
t.- I been promised by the spies of Joshua, for
t.e assistance afforded them while in Jericho!
T;.e idea i$ to hang out the same or some similar
sia to the Yaiiteos, so that they may ve-c-i;:n2e
their frieuu aud nfford thein protectien
a id relief.
t'rotu this exposition cf the secret of the as
":: ation. it muit lie plain, even to th most
:i;2Jer.t of its membsrs, that their macbioa-
t: arc uadcrstood ; while, at the same time,
: Mint serve to convince the unwary of the ex- 1
tvrxv ofawoit daBperous conpiracy against
Confedetacy. 7e expect to be able to
e'ltaia in thort time an nccurataliat of all the
li. O. A., ttether with its cfiicers, places f
j-eeting, mode, of communications, &c ; anil
tin u,ih we m;;y be induced to wpare many who
m ve been unwittingly inveigled iuto the er-
r vnization, its riupleadcrs had better becar'.
The objects d thisi asocintion are pre-tnii-
t. ..-nt-y tici'-'inal le. An utisuspectiu; n:ak.i.-j
r.v.pr'JohI, and que;;tioutd as to hi d sire 1 1
1 t
i .iv liis pn-perty rntctrd m ihwpi-it A
s-iivif. If tin bate tnketJ b.e i.i n ade to be-
i!'ve that t-uhjiTp-af ioti is inevit.ib.'e ; tf siiy
f the Harlot is related to t? in; irilie.ttir.g a
raode of c.-cape from the cv.lsof mic:! a fate ;
the Oath is then administered"; and ti e ofe-j-clrt
of the society fully m sde ktiusvn t; biro.
The Hero i (b tu his v.i.iisc, j e-h ips,
that, in thus attt rrpti; by loigc. oiur.s and
unpatriotic efforts to secure favurabl terms
jor biinsi Uano. bis b.e sir t o i in thus seekinjr
f pr- r upon th-' n b:eri.-, oi bis friet-d and
: ie dw of bis count rv he l as btvoma
' v in'!' bfr id an ciaiim ici.-:l hy ihtt
t'inket x i'-e ?.'.'. :,.- a covert srd cowardly
:i -f.-;'..vt;.r'i; tb- sttbjcsr.lioTi nnd slave-
v ' : th" S. u i'f r i p, rpl fic : placed ia
li'.rt ct .u,:,..,.od:n to ti e authorities and
;...rf. o. the t i r.f rei aey. as if ) had tiiken
ikt'u ? i.ii ''n. r ha- er.litrd in toe
'. rtl vr. i :uy H- iv: i.i;:e? reaiiy a -py, h
tii r .i:t':. ;t tr:tr, :n lb fuibst
):Z f i; -. -,v. -V'it Mibj or '-. b. penalty of
.ies.tb at t! v b.l? i tt.'V i.a?)-f: ?.n. an 1 with
; o redrint t.uo. i t :or.- t,: rr: ..;v that aJt.u'ded
r v ti-. u'tr r io id" lb b:?id 'vbieh giive iiini
i i.'h. .
In pr. -f of this., it i-. only f'C "-rv to re
o r ?.. tb..t p. rtiuu of tl-.e .-ath ' which binds
ach :!'er:d.r to ;s-it a broihi-r ro. ,u;d to
' tiiw bita ttiift-ly iit ticv of all approaching
'i-iir." 'Hie t.il! Ration nccesitates the
hxrhnri'i'4 of docrttts jiving of ait! and
-to tort to Yatsfce. ppies convty!n i in pro; er
;-! ' rpaatiu to t!ie enemy u.d the perfonn
Mjoe oi" ai. vacf. l o cver nr.-patriotic or truas-on-U
ie, which may be den.at.dcd i-y Sich as
give the sip:, of liistrtss.
I.t t no iu-io delude Iiiai.-rlf, wit'i the reflec
ti. n. that --.: tf- rrsrvoi.n hs a 1 iw of nature
Sm h an iutrrprctatioa w ubi ju(ifv Jho cri
vm in !:N tv.ost abject covardice the traitor
in l is wildest dream of treason the viliian in
a'i ih.tt can be conceived of pertiddy. Tho
i.iwsof God atid xnau. regard all such o,t
resrci tbo ir !4.lJ,ii.c:s, or attempts at tnaking
trm with the common er.emv, as crimes, de
kcrviu a icbn' d.tath ai a traitor's doom.
No subterfuge or s phistry can furnish an
Veaps from he co:.seipa"uces of .-o deliberate
and wicked a conspiracy ajaint liberty and
country from such damning i:i!t iu the cli
ir.x of a iiatioi:s struggle fvr existence..
Many god but unsuspectiog men have
Wen induced to join this us.-odation, uithcat
i!uly cosidering the consequences of their
sots, an . I with no su.-picions us to its rtul ob
ject. To such we would 5ay, in a spirit of kind
fcdroonition, sot yourselves rijht Wfor the
world, by abandoning your evil associaies,
and standing up manfully for yor-r ctantry.
The Scarht Cord ins-oad o provin a badge
of security against the enemy, may servo to
invoke the depredations of those who other
v.'ise wanid havo rrofrcted you to the last drup
of their bl d, cr to direct the kand of ju?tico
in the vindication of her outraged laws. Or
if, perchance, the fate of the conquered phonld
be ours, yiu will 6nd tbat, in confiding to the
plighted faith of the Yankee lace, you have
but relied upon 'a broken reed or a rope of
sund. Plunder is their one great passion, and
r either oiths nor promises would serve as the
slightest irnpediruent to its hellish gratifica-
io;. Anions such thiftvr.1 fc.s tr?ev havost'!i
t'oemsc! v;s, there r.iy ero;i'.?.hwaur eiHj
'to bate i.i-f trait r' v.-lnu ' Ley U:xamte:? ffi-? "
rtuitso? the 'treasou.' I b runniest of ffo-
ereatnr. s would Purely ha v an ifid?frswh"'
rijht to despise, tho wre'Ch? vsr.if had s'u(
their cou'.tiy. and to bttrav rhem in reitim
fl-i- liitir heattlrss f erSdy. ton need expe-.
rtotbina-frot-a the Yank res. even if f.uccesAtt.b,
b;r e.Grit-n,pt and scorn : whiie the enrse3 vf
vunr
rour own pvople willclinj to your cildxv
ibilclreti through a'i time. Rerr,(jnirber, tir
chi
t hat the.ees of every trueMtan are upon yon.
and that act as vo mav, detection is insrtttt
Lie. To those Trbo have acted as the ageajs of tb
enemy in disseminating this, infamous t
among oaf people to the high priests f this
most disgraceful !chin: we wou'd simply cay,
that instead of securing salvation in a scarUt
crd " they may yet find perdition ia a "fceHjpen" -ono.
The Secret, OATH-BorsD, and Tbsa50sabj.k
CoNsriKACY fully Cohfikmsd! Te Con
spirators Expectei to Vote tor HotDKii ! !
Since the above was written, wo havo re
ceived the following coramunicatioa froei the
IW. O. Churchhill, of Chatham county, waic'-i
will fully explain it-self. As .we have suspected,
ever since this treasonable prot wa3 declaied to
exist, it si em? that OLe of its grand purpose s,
in this Star?, is to elect "VV. W. Helden,
Governor.
The order of the " Heroes, " it has been as
certained, waa imported from Yankeedem, and
it was expressly devised aad concocted for th
purpose of sowing the seeds of disloyalty nnd
treason in the Confederate States, under the
specious pretext of- affording protection and
giviag amnesty to those who should become,
initiated and tako the eaths, in the event th&
Yankee army should get possession of tho par
ticular section of country in which they migbfc
reside. In this way, no doubt a number of timid
and unsuspecting persons, with a view of saving
their property, and possibly their lives, in the
contin-geacy suggested, have joined the order
&f " Heroes." liut we feel confident, that every
honest man who has been entrapped in this
most darnaable inveutien of tho oneway, bow
that t!Tc object of the organization has been ex
posed, will at once dedare "non-felldWfcbip "
with it and espo-ie the whole concern.
We append to the communication of ilev. O.
Churchnill, who is an upright man and a minis
ter of the gospel, of the Baptist persuasion, in
the county of Chatham, the certificates of Silas
leckwith and Benton Holland, G. H. Holland,
J. R. Long, and R. L Sugg. The certificates
are duly sworn to, and as the certifiers aro
understood to o men of truth and veracity, wo
presume no one will dare to impeach their tes
timony. We will have more to say abont this
secret" oa bound conspiracy noreafter:
Chatham Co., N. C.
Mr. Editor Sir ; I wish to state a few facts
for the bent fit of the ptiblic, generally. There is
a secret concern in this, and other counties, of
our beloved Old State. Its name is Heroes of
America.' Its objects, or inaia objects, are pro
tection from the enemy. It has qae f the hard
est oath3 attached to it, that has ever ,ben in
vented, so as to prevent its subjects from telling
the secrets. It also has secret words, and signs,
so every member maybe recognized; and the
manner and way that a person ia brought ?nto
this concern, arc calculated to deceive. They aro
taken before the person who is to administer th
Oath to them 5 then the Oath man asks the can
didate if he can keep a secret ? He tells him bo
thinks he can. Then he says to him there if
nothi ig in this against you either politically or
religously, nothing but what is right and proper.
Having tin3 assurance, they proceed. I, a pom
deluded soul, went into this unholr ihiiii? and for
a short time thought it was all rijrio, and. urbix
that time, was the ear.se of some foar or live otV.;
becoming deluded with aivseif. Bat, thar.k Grd.
my eye? were opened to saz nhzt 1 had done f ir
xnyseifand others. I at once deelattd non-fol-loTslrip
with the concern, aad I prayed t G"d iq
forgive rr;;- for ciirg ft vile a thin. And I be
lieve God forgave ni-?fr it. Then 1 told socn-! of
my friends my thoughts upon the s'ubjjct. I .iai
a man tht wishes to serve my God and do my
duty to my country. I think I am a loyal mi,
a::i always have been, aad I do cot vaot to be
ia anything that h3 a -"ishyal tsndncy.
Ajrain, I thought of vry brave boy, who was
tj.rhting foe our independeace, and of all that I
tud done.
It was sr; id too that all the who belonged o
this coneern wore expected to vote tor Mr. Hol
t!cn. 1 knew that T could not do that, for I have
ever been a warm supporter of Z. B. Vance, and
etpect, if permitted to live tw get to the pells, in
August next, to vote for Jum 2rain. I would, as
a friend, pay to all of those who have been deluded
and misled," to come right out of. this thiu; at
nee. Especially do I insist upon all good men to
ccme out ; and I would say to all of them that
have not as yet been brought into this miserable
flair, net to" accept ef any proposition that may
be made r offered; for i tell yos it is a thing
thatugbt not to exist. Onr authorities say it is
treason, and I fear it is. So all of you, who are
now keeping its secrets, coist right out. The oath
is not binding, because it is outside of every thing
that is reasonable and risht. I do not believo
that an individual i? either morally or lezallv
f bound to keep it ; for the Or.th i wrong in itself.
Do n I have done go to jour God and asiC !.or
girenocs, then go t the Governor of your Stat
and lay th matter open before him, and ask for
giveness, and you will be pardoned at once, for
we have a Governor who tries to doicht.
I have saii enou-jb for this time. I may come
again. i, Mr. Editor, ycti can publish this if
ou think it wiil do. It may be of seme advantage
tosomobodr. O. CHURCHILL.
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, J. .
Chatham Cocntt. Juue 20, 1864. )
.This U to certify that Silas Beckwith appeared
before me, one of the acting Justices of the Pvac.e,
in and for said county, and testifies that e was a
member of a secret organization in said couuty
the object of whith, he thought, was for no rood
to the country,-and ha therefore wishes it dis
i tincflv underst- od. that he is no lonerer a xcennber
of said organization ; that he was Ted into it by
bad men; but having left it in disgust, ho hpes
those iu power will pardon him, and he pledges
himself as a good aad loyal citizen, -never to
be led astray again. SILaS BECKWITH.
U. Council, J. P.
STATE OF XORTn CAROLINA, 1
Chatuam County. June 29, 1864.
This is to certify' that Benton Holland, G. H.
Holland, J. B. Long, and R. M. Sugg, appeared
before me, one of the Justices of the Teaco in and
for said county, testifying that they belong to a
secret organization in said county, but believing
it to be wrong, have declared non-fellowship with
it, and they wish the public geaeially to under
stand that they were misled as to its object, and
as good and loyal citizens of their country, they
wish it farther "understood that they will not be
long to an' such organization, and they pledge
their sacred honor as honest men never to engage
in anything that has a tendency to injure their
country ; and they pray that the authorities will
pardon them for their mistep; and they promise
that-they will never hereafter be ranght in siich
an organization again. H. COUNCIL, J. P.
Yankee Items. Commodore Wilkes has
been sentenced by court martial to suspension
from service for thref years, and to be pub
licly reprimanded by the Secretary of War.
Capt. George W. Russell and J. J. Moore
were arrested in Baltimore for sayinj 'damn
Butler," ,Jdamn Lincoln," "dam the whole
Yankee tribe !" And Ckaries Meenej is under
arrest for savin: of eome weraea who were
waving- flags-at a passing regiment, that they
"were not as good as niggers."
Miss Sallio Pollock, "an ictoresting little
renxil sympathiser," has been sentenced to the
penitentiary of Maryland until the conclus
ion of the war, because she choso to play the
part'of a mail carrier for some rebels.
GIDEONS V A TK K -L A 1 ' T E fU.
1
!
in,ftur'f,'i
ISiM hj J
A
77? "- i7 "
t -.
tli itsi ('h t'i f.
hv - tut' OI .! "
lit llrr SirpSctt V.chAt, 1): - iimuioof
ti. JiictOiP 0) it'. ;.
.)L"roii.: 'CP at. rii, rr 1
L Aad the h-jrd' said unto tlido.i. The
f)4".,pb l it are, witli thee ar- mur y
?(tr itse tf tivt-ibo Mid': ites ioo tin ir har-ds.
i.t Israel aunt tbt tis Ive ?-insi tne, say
in. .Nfiu- oau baud ?vcd itu.
' 3 Now, Yhe-efor, go !-, proclaim is the
ears of the
J, jivin, Who Wicvcr is
fearfid aid afrni'i. let i:n return, and depart
early from Mount (.'dead; and there returne!
tf the people gwenty a'i two thousand, and
lb- re lonTiniiied ten tnousp.ud.
4. Aud the Lord said unto Gideoi. The
people are yet too nny; . bring them down
unto the water, 3'iri I wiil try t.beoi fwr then
thfr-; a:d it shall be, that of whrurt I say rmt
theo, 'lb.:s naai! go with lho, the suie - shall
go with tbc a,nd of whomsoever I say troto
tree, TiiU shall not ro with thte, &
.bai! V.r.t go.
5 Ho be brooght. dowu the pecpb- nnb the
water; and sheLorot said nnto Gideon, Every
one tliat Ltppeth of the water w th his tongue,
a adoij a;;peth, hiw hhalt thoy .set by him
self; hk'-vti,e every .one that bowetu down
upon knees to drink.
C. Aoii tiie n umbev of them that lapped,
putting their hjuds to tlnir mouth, were
three kur dreu eo; but nil -the rest of the
people bowed Ua7u upon tiiefr knet p to driuk
water.
7. A'id the.L-ud. Knid u-ot Gideon, By the
three liuridred iiien that lapped wid 1 tave
yoif, and 'deliver tfee Mu'daidtes into thir.e
h:ds; and let all the erher people gci every
riiHO unto his place,
8 So the' peopla took viciuals in their
h.m-,5. tiieir trumpet and he sent all the
res.t of Israel, every u;an unto his tent, and
niained those three hundred men. Ard the
h rst of Midian was beneath liitn ira thj val
ley. . 0.
The fourth
campaisn
of our
struggle
for deliverance from the usurping tyranny
of the United States is about to open
upon a scale cf grandeur equal to any
which has preceeded it. Foreseeing the
fierceness of this last great effort of that
nearly exhausted power, our Congress has
called upon us to meet it, not only in the
spirit of united and determined resistance,
but with hitmiliation before God aud earn
est prayer for his help and guidance. We
have so often seen the gathering fury of
our enemies dispersed by God in answer
to our humble prayer scattered and roil
ed back in blood aud confusion that we
come to-day boldly to .the throne of Grace,
iinnly believing that our prayers, and sup
plicat'ons, if offered with pure hearts 'fcud
clean iips, will return to us laden wuh
ble.sini:s from the Lord of Ilosd- the God
of the armies of Israel.
, Upon such a critical occasion, it be
comes us to prelude our solernu fast, and
the observations which arise naturally out
of y., with a song of thanksgiving for the
favors which have .crowned us in the
pas', and for the position which we yet
maintain in the face of our enemies and
f the world. "It is of God's n ercics
hut 'we hive -not been consumed," for we
have ns-uredly had everything against us;
numbers overwhelming, hate bitter and
cruel, resources without stint, the com
mand by our enemies of the ocean and the
rivers, the ear of the world shut to us, the cry
putjuronus of slavery and barbarism. With
all these things have we been contending
for three "weary years, through storm and
sunshine, in cold nnd hunger and naked
ness, creating as we fought, weeping
while we" labored, reaping courage and
endurance from the fields sown with the
blood of our children, and yet through the
mercy of God, we stand this day unconquer
ed and defiant, looking u final success
with as full assurance, as upon the day
when we threw down the gauntlet under
the walls of the ocean girdled Sumter.
Army after army bss been hurled back
from its desperate advances, as the iron
bound coast hurls back the waves broken
into foam, which rollled up so fiercely and
ominouslo to the assaults General alter
General has met his doom at our hands,'
not in bloody graves, but iu discomfiture
and disgrace, and they have passed in
gloomy procession, discrowned' and un-
on
wreathed, from off the stage of action. d
Alas ! that one of Southern birth should
have led that band of smitten heroes, and
that the laurels of th great Captain of
two wars should have been withered in
such a cause! Just retribution! thit the
hand which lifted itself against its mother,
should have lost its cunning as it struck
the blow.
Such is our cause for thanksgiving,
when considered in a general manner and
in its relation to the past. But we
shall find it very much augmented, if in
stead of gazing gloomily into the future,
we should lopk calmly around us at the
perplexed scene amid which . we stand.
Our great business undoubtedly is, "not
to trouble oarselves about what lies dimly
at a distance, but to do what lies clearly at
hand." It is unbecoming a christian
people to be throwing crude fears and
murmur ings into the face of God, when
we should rather be praising and blessing
His holy name for his great goodness and
loving kindness towards us. It may be
well that our enemies should despise our
strength and undervalue our resources, so
that when the trui bursts upon them, ,the
reaction may be more overwhelming, but
it is not well that we should underrate our
own condition and be despondent when
there is no legitimate occasion for it. We
must not permit the serpents which are
to crush us and our children to creep out
of our owh altars.
If we recall the brief history of out
Government, we shall perceive that, with 4
the exception of Louisiana) the enemy
has made ho conquests of moment in any
I
tb.er pjde tb.t were with lam. rose o p tt.im , i ajj fhr congest, cud those gained at"
nA pithd NW tb. weu .i -Haro.1: r.thc jtl!Uenve e3pense, held within the nar
ibn hosts of i f f :d)s vites er .u e north V . a t. ,
, . i,,,! ,!,;), ,yM,i rowest Huit3 tid by a most Trecarious
Moeof them, hv iha hm -f loreh. m tn vm- i . '
- ' tenure. rr two years have they httel
( of wven States whicii coiudo-cJ the
orriual Conicdrra y. After three years
ii' jU antic v nare our b-;ave suect eucd
iu plxh'ting their, t osti?e foots-'eps only,
Uj,fJ xha shores and coasa of-tbc State
i which" tiit dcSed titem. I he oct-nn 1 r e
; tboutii (Jarttlina, Geor:if, YhrWii, and
j Texaiv ai.U the river litre of -the 3I:m.s-
sitipj c.ml Toas-e. just where tl;eir
1 "m t
ano'iirosctt navies eoai-: leuco, conirnse
; oat annameni after araiaiucnt, . rovidt d
; witb everything whiea nieehani al inge
nuity could dtfiise aud a I;rnitli5s iguG of
paper money co-aid purchase, and tncy
have not 'adranced one toot vhhm cur
territor.es. They tried to- ad ranee at
Charleston atftl wer hipfieI at Sece?
FKnille. They attempted it frora 1'ort
Koyal and were whipped at Pocotligo.
In -that direction thej stand pree se:y
where Dapont left them in November,
sixty-one. Again 'they were bold to move
inward from Jacksonville and were shame
fully defeated at Ocean pond. Tliejr in&ne
a like effort from Pascagoula and were
forced to beat a hasty retreat to the:?
vessels. Their last grand ;.dvance fro-
Vicksburg has ended, like all the rest, in
discomfiture and disaster. All they have
really gained in three Tear- of the war,
has been gained in Virgiuia, .Tcnnesse and
Arkansas States whitdi joined their
fartunes with Jhe Confederacy only af er
the ar had commenced. Up to this
moment, therefore, the armies of the
United States have been only regaining
territory which they lost since the strug
gle bean in the haibor of Charleston !
This is worthy of notice and teacnes us
how idle is any idea of subjugation. Our
refaaining territory is, at least, three ti'nm
the area of France, aud nearly one half
the area of that oversh-idowing power,
Russia in Europe. W as that Empire jn
any real daitger when Napoleon, with the
greatest army of modern times, had reach
ed and captured its ancient capital ? In
none at all! His own danger i: was that
began when he obtained that apparently
grand position! With a distant base,'
almost interminable space stretching away
arouna him, in the midst of an intensely
nostue people, wttn cavalry swarming
upon his lines of communication, his de
feat w as certain even before the cold de
scended upon his-armies. And will not
this ba the rosition rf every army at
tempting to advance within our borders,
if we are t-nly true to ourselve-? Was.
France in any d inger of subjugation wh( u
Mfiltorough and Eugene bn ke thruga
her frontier flrtrtes, and th blody
b ittlcs f Ou U-toarde and Malplnquet had
qni. ginned t- du-t her best aud most vete
ran war-riot?-? Or should we consider tL?.t
Emj i- e i if any serious p r 1 now, if Eu
Kod was t; ravage her e; asts and t;i e
P- sesieu of her harbor.-? Duiu fie
frte.ter put of the .wars of Napoleon,
France wns under as strut blockade t s we
are-now. Why thn should we croak and
tremble because of a few tempoiary ve
vee:,. which can gve our enemies Po
pcrn acent possession of the country ard
which ruuet be maintained, if maiutain;d
at 11, at a cost past all calculation.
TO BE CONTINUED.
For the Confederate.
Messrs. Editors : Tn selcctir g a Chief Mag
istrate for our good old State, we always
manifest a deep interest; but at a time, liku
this, when our couutry is convulsed frci . o:.e
end to the other by a great and desolating
war, when our enemies are pressing us sor-lr
on every hand, and when traitors and dema
gogues are doing all they can to divide, and'
distract our people and to bring reproach and
disgrace on our beloved State, it more than
ever becomes- m to rally around our patriotic
tndard-bearen, and exert o.ur best energies
in bdialf cf our glorious cause, by sustaining
ntue but good and true men for offices of pub
lic honor aod responsibility.
In the person of Z. B. -Vance w have a
great champion ef popular rights, a worthy
representative of our early ancestors, a true
and unflinching patriot, a tried and faithful
pablic servant, and a man whose past services
are a sure guarantee that ho is the right mar.
to fill the Chief Executive offico of our State.
Let us then rally to his support and never
relax our efforts until he is again elected to that
bib and hoocTrable positiou.
There is bo doubt, Messrs. Editors, bfatthat
the greatest possible ' efforts are now bteing
made, and wid continue to be made, to defeat
our worthy Governor. The State no doubt will
be flooded with all manner of secret circulars
and misrepresentations, calculated to influence
the people agaiast hira ; and every means will
be resorted to to carry the State for his oppo-
nent. Let as then be up and doing, nd in the
language of the immortal Clay, "let us arouse
from our lethargy shake off tho dew-drops that
glitter on our garments, and march agaia to
battle and to victory."
These thoughts have not suggested them
selves from any fear that Gov. Vance will be
defeated, for I have no idea of such a result. I
can never believs that the intelligence aad
patriotism of the old North State can sink to
such humiliation and degradation ; ytt I de
sire that we should give him such a vote aad
such a majority as will forever silence his
competitor and all his sympathisers. Indeed,
Messrs. Editors, we havo everything te en
courage us, for Vance stock is continually go
ing up. Wherever Vance goes he carries the
masses with him; every speech he makes,
adds to his strength and weakens his competi
tor. The hold and fearless manner by which
he handles him and reputes all of his . abuse
aad misrepresentation has a tremendous ef
fect upon the minds of his hearers and increaoes
his-owu prospects greatly. The seventh Con
gressional district which Mr. Hold en and his
friends claim on account ot its voting for Gen. -J.
M. Leach for Congress, will, I have no
doubt, give Vance a large majority in August;
and T am well satisfied, if General Leach votes
at all, that he will vote for Vance. The glori
ous results achieved hy our gallant army-du-ring
this campaign, has had a most magnifi
cent effect ia inspiring the people with new
courage and higher hopes aad adds no little
to the prospects of onr Governor and the down
fall ef his enemies. CONSERVATIVE.
A eitizen of Augusta has eemmeneed the
manufacture of ice by machiaory, invented
by Mr. Carrie, ef France.
T V V V C M( '
I L.JL JU I ii 1 4 I I W .
n my a mt5 ar 7H rp r zap. a.soc j a nx
. T'rs Cea. Jtait;as's irwj.
IN FIELD, XfiAR RUFUS' STATIOX, Jnly
4fh. In oidtr to cni:ctrei a Jaak move
ment faade in ferce by tho tray, onr arnay
ccrrinenced to withdraw from tho neighborhood
of Marietta niht hefote last. Tfae niovrmont waa
cocdnctad sncce;fu!ly, by ili j many caaraettr
istics of Gen. Johattoa. Goo. Uardee'a corps,
th ssh in eofte slaees oot mors the n fortv or fifty
jarr!a from the enemy's hrs, did not bejin to
move until juit brforo day-Hint yeiariay; a4
w conducted so quietly that tho oaomv waJ not
aware of ft until , the erne-nation was e;ailtto.
Xutnganwas lrd along the line dariag the
night, rxeent from Keaaasaw macatain.
About auBiise they baited en Kfnww; a
hour oi two later they auvnaeadUavia'Noriotta
to the laft, and passed near Military lnsttnta,
when our cavalry rounetirrd fkirmishirjr. . i
9figado of tha enomy this morning attacked raid
force, of only one hama'tad disrroantad cavalry, and
they were compelled to retire. TTe captwred tkirty
heavy riflea, and a ff w prisanera and horsea.
Thaaaeoiy hara been foaling for our paiition
to-day. Considerable skirmithicg; th wort along
French's front.
FrOM ?diSalfct!p(.
MOBILE, Julv 4. A sperial dispatch to theM
Register and AdVerfiW fresu Maeoa, Mi-9 . atya
i- . i i i. i i .
. :: :
out every aota Douieu man ia tnabtato, to
invasion; to rendezvons at Brands no and
re
Weat
Point.
asjcoNO dishtch.J
MARIETTA, July 4. The far-o of tho-euamy
fi om Vicksburg are in tho vieir.itv af Clant' n to
day, and onr forcas ondr Wirt Adma ara njht
ing th". Another colamn ii said to ho nioviaf
ciniulfaneocsly from Ifatchez.
7rta ike 5erth.
ATLANTA. July 4.-Tho Appeal baa received
the NashTillo Union of tho 29th. Tho Chatta
nooga Gazettt of the lat. aays Secretary CEa?e has
reigned and Lincoln has sent to the Sooato tho
nomination of DaTid Todd of Ohio, as Secretary
of the Treaanry.
Gold in "Xew York on the 30th, 250.
A bill ia before tha jankae.Csnojress, providing
for calling out national forces, with a stipulation
that the draft is not te be for lera tham ono year
nor more than three years; repealing commuta
tion clause in enrollment, and taxing incomes, to
provide for tnejjo unties.
Tho news from ' Grant's army is unimportant.
Burnsio'e reviawna his negro troops near Peters,
-bui g.
The Lonisiana .State Archirea are reported to
be found buried' near Baton lioug e, nnd aro part
ly takan to Now Orleans.
Tho proapoct that peace on the Danish onestiwD
is ts rennet a a over, made soaie ext-ittntent. Tho
English and French naiaiaters aro trying to aflapt
reconciliation.
- Commodore Semmea puolithea in the Timet, a
jastif cation of his destruction of prizes tho
British Government havicgrefnsed te admit then
into their porta for adjudication.
Liverpool dates to the lfth, say that the steam
or A laboma reached Cbeibonrg on the llth and
landad the orewe of the two captured vessels.
She would be permitted to inake extensive re
pairs. .
The London Daily Aetrx believes that the plot
to overthrow the Palmerston ministry baa broken
down and been abandoned.-
.Latest fraw Petersbnrsr.
GREENSBORO'. The Richmond Whig of the
4th, has been received. No news of importance.
.The Petersburg Expres of Saturday aays : Last
night at about 10 o'clock, a heavy fire of musketry
commenced on our centre, continuing vary rapid
for twenty minutes. It was thought at first that
a general engagement had commenced, but at the
end cf this time it ceased. It ia the opinion of
those who heard it, that the yankeeshad assaulted
our lines and were as usual repulsed.
The Reporter of the ST. Y. Timet and Phila
delphia Press, Ira B. Valgelden, was brought in
to-day. All quiet along the lines yesterday (the
3d) except occasional shell inc. i
The following official dispatch was received at
the war Department:
H'dqrs. Army Northern Va., July 1st.
. Hon. Secretary War: Gen. Beauregard reports
a feeble demonstration made by the enemy on a
portion of Gen Johnson's line about 5 p. m. yes
terday. His skirmishers, supported by two lines
of troops, drove in our line of skirmishers which
was re-established at dark.
In the various conflicts with the enemy's cavalry,
in their late expedition azainst tho Rail-roads.
i besides their killed and wounded left on trae field,
: offe thousand prisoners, thirteen pieces of artillery,
thirty wagons and horses, ordnance stores, and
several hundred negroes taken from tho planta
tion on their route were captured.
! (Signed.) R. E. LEE.
The following Press dispatch' is taken from the
Whig.
PETERSBURG, July 2. There was some fir
ing on our lines from batteries seven and ten, re
sulting it is supposed from an advance of tho
enemy on Jenkins front while relieving pickets.
It lasted thirty minutes but amounted to nothing.
Nothing doing but shelling en the part of the
enemy.
Passenger's report heavy firing hoard in tho
direction of Petersburg yesterday morning the 3d.
Front Mississippi.
MERIDIAN, July 6. A special dispatch to the
Clarion from Brandon, says the yankees occupied
Jackson at noon yesterday. Gen. Sloeum says bis
object ia to destroy tho Rail-roads and bridges
and return to Vieksburg. The f rce is eatimated
at twenty-five hundred. Heavy firing to-day be
tween Jackson and Canton.
Ftn SHERIFF.
WE ARE AUTHORISED TO ANNOUNCE
THOMAS J WHITAKKU, a candidate for
reelection to tho office of Sheriff" for tho county
of Jones. . july 6 23-wtf
TO THE CITIZENS, SOLDIERS AND RF
FUQfES OF FASQUOTANK COUNTY.
WE aro authorized to announce GEO. W .
'HINTOiT, a candidate to represent Pas
ouotank county ia tho next Sense ef Commons,
a lM9-dtwwte
k PRIVATE SCD00L FOR YOUNG LADIES.
mHE FOURTH SESSION OP MISS MAN-
1 GUM'S SCHOOL, will open en Friday the 29th
Jnly, at the residence of her mother, Mrs.-Willie
P. Manirum.
Her pupils will find a homo in her mother's
family. Only a limited number can ho received.
For further information, address
MISS M. P. MANGUM.
Hillsboro', Orange county, N. C, care of Dr. J.
jr. uam.
juao lth, IM4. tri-wl2t
; To ihf Titers tfratniTlia Cannty.
i.rr.iow (MTIZk'X Axn Renn
j i.i,i iirav
! I iStHJ)lEij rr the requ-t of mmr friends.
it.'
i -jaue iiiy.-r i.a cfni;.io;. Mwriff of
'i .HTri c.aT'. i r.i knuri iliac r
been juMicr tnr near! r tirr yeara; ami hunt.I f
ibetleeted. escape the daereri of tki r-.
ni?rs caapai;b. 1 i'b erieavr to ervo yon tc
tae best of my biiry. i a troiy in hpji t-
hear of a lnr iaj-ritr in favor of year oboi-i-t
rvnt, on the riiM TLnrsday in Aajtjst neat. I
fro yonr sou aut tiotktr.
c.ai.tix nu.vsrrKER.
A private in Co. I. HWllnt'a liattalion, tAy
a-irn-il toC. I. 4th N. C. KeimcDt.
jaaa 15-iVwfit . .
' f
COMMITTED
rOTflS JAIL OX W.AKF. roVNTT. AS V
rnnjtri nm. ik. V f.
? J rnM4wiy.
me o: flo. nrrr..
i iu m. who
v ber nariia i SALLY RRVtVT
nMthat ie m raiied in Jonv countr. b v J.
ch. Sbo who,, cguitaitted
a re I e. i-
i.
eoiga. siet.n-r. r leK. to epper front
teeth o.nr, and rather 'w jpr.Vn. The owner
-id nfpii r-q it .Me I 1j cotoa forward, prove
proyertc, pty chges i:id t'c har n-v.y, cra'ja
will ba .?j!t rth as the law d'et.
W. 3. HIGH, Sharif .
Nrt.V,fc,'V1T?Jt,p "P and rommitffd lo
ts rLhASA"T, anl that h is the iopc-rtv of
liucU Carlylu atul U-o. lf -nrtrrson of Gt'oi e-i
a m P " "
f
-Newtou.. C. April I3th 184. a. 2012-wfliu
S T ATE OF NOKTH CAKOM.VA,
Pitt Coostt. I
! Caart o Pleas and Quarter Seajjoni
! lei III, 18t4.
liav
u 5.vpatd. Admv
'1
Jos. A. ")ibiaru, dee'd
Petition toditide
Slaves.
Di-ti ibnters of "
Jo?. A. Williams, deceased. J
"I T APPFAHI.NO TtV TUB SATISFACTION
1 of the Conrt. that 15. P.. Foreman aad witV,
iVfj-ndnr.t? in tho ca.-w, are non-roH'Tit of thie
Stte: It bordered by the Court, tltat puMjt-.i .
tion bo read for six w.-eks hi the Coftirnte,
notify in the said defendants of the filinp of this
prition, to app-ar and annwe-, Ac., at the nxt
Term of this .Court, or judgment pro- coufetno wi)
be granted against them.
4iEO. A. DANCET, C. C. C.
.tune i-!!" w6t
STATE OF SORTS! CARtLIX.t.
ASIIR CoUjfTT.
Supi ior Covrt of Lis, tipritiy Term 1SC4.
John C. Pluramer )
J Original Attachment.
Ralph Blerina.
It appearing to ttie satU'actton of the Conrt that
the dfeadar Ralph Blavins ia not within tha
jurisdiction of this Court : It ij ordered tait pub
lication be made in the weekly Co fetUrmf for tix
weeks, commanding the said defendant to be aad
appear at the eext term of tho Souerior Coui t rf
aw to be held for the ceaoty of Ashe, at tho
Court Hon? ib Jeflerfen. on the 4th Mdodav a't r
the 4th Mnn'dayin Xujnr.t neat, then and there
to plead and replevy in tho said cae, otherwio
t:nl judgement will be rendered againvt bita.
Witness E. C. Bartlett? Clerk of oar said Court
at office the 4th .Moadav after tne 4th M ndav in
February, UR4. E. C. BAUTLKTK, C. hi. C.
JnooztwCt
QTATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, CABARRl'5
O County, Court of Pleas and Quarter Sessionv
April Terra, 1M4.
M. M. Miseubfdnier, adm'rt
- of D. C. Wilbeliu, f Petition to sell land.
v$.
A. M. Wilhtlm & others,
It appearing to the satisfaction of the Court
that George Logan and wife Naner, and A. M.
Wilhelra are not inhabitants tf this State, it is
ordered'br th - Court that publication be mad
for fix weeks in the Wovklv Confederate for iMid
defendants to appear nt the next trm of this
court, to be held tor the county of Cabarets, at
the court house in Concord en the third jkfonday
in July next, and ahow eanse tf any thev have,
why ths lauds dt-scribed in the petition fhonbl not
be sold according to th prayr. of th- petition.
Witness, Joseph Yoiinjr, ('lerk of oarsaid Court
"at oihce in Concord, th third Mondav in April
A. D. IRG4. JOSEPH YOUNG, CUrk.
ma 4-w6t pr. avd. $36.
GxJfilF ? r
NEW BOOKS!
OUR OWN PUBLICATIONS.
Johnson's Com mm Schuol Arithmetic,
The Dixie Eletnentarv Spellinjr Book,
The Jack Morgan Slfrgs er. (Sit par K.O)
Love and Libei tv Song ($40, per 100)
The above botiks are jn.t Ironi the press.
Primary Georraphy,
York'a 'English Grammar,
First Book in Co;n;nsition, by L Branson,
Ilill'a Poems, by Thea H Hill,
Morven aad L-rtda, by Bev A W Mangum,
Dixie Primer, Pictorial, third edition,
First Dixie Reader, by Jd K Moore,
Myrtle Leaves, bv Rev A T Manain.
$5
50
Of)
Ot)
76
AO
(K)
10
50
25
50
75
00
CT- Tho above books are sold at one-third off
to the trade.
OTHER BOOKS ON HAND.
MISI'KLLAXKOITS.UOUKS.
Hun ten's Piano Forte Instructor,
Lander's Arithmetic,
Bingham's Litin Grammar,
Wesley an Catechism No. 1,
Tf esleyan Catechism, No. 2
jLansdell's Catechism.
Camp and Field, by Dr Joseph Cross,
Life of Stonewall Jackson,
The War and its Heroes, Illustrated,
Southern Model Letter Writer,
Rival Adminietrati ns, E H Pollard,
Scriptural Views of National Trials,
Romantic Passages in S. W. History!
Diary of the War,
Tho Seige of Vieksburg,
Tho Sunday School Bell,
The Sabbath School Wreath,
Plowing and Ditching,
Fun for the Camp,
Tho Camp Jester, v
Neeley's Discourses,
Dr. Deems' Sermons,
Moral and Religious Anecdotes, 8 vols ,
S 00
2 00
4 00
2S
76
75
3 00
5 50
2 50
1 60
1 00
3 o
2 60
3 0O
2 CO
to
.75
1
1
1
25
00
2 .0
12 00
2 oO
2 ro
1 so
1 73
125 00
IS 00
7 00
f re
The Age A "New Monthly,
Southern Literary Messenger,
Stonewall Jackson's Portrait,
Dr. Deems' Portrait,
Grote'a History of Greece, in 11 vols,
Bancroft's lis tor v United States. 7 vols..
Abbot's Illustrated Histories, each
ffiecdxid Year of the War,
Mountain Violet, bv Rev T M Baker.
1 fiO
1 by
75
1 2
2 00
75
7T
1 00
1 CO
1 2S
1 2o
1 25
f 00
f AO
1 50
A Few Chestnuts for the Children, by Unelo
Charles,
A Sunday School Evory Church, by Rev
is Jtaaiy,
Words of Comfort, by H F Buckner,
Robert Cushman or tho Rival Students,
Tho Little Preacher, by Undo Charles,
Life of T C Wimberly, by UsQIe Charles,
Soldier Boy Songster,
Stonewall Songster,
Cotton Field Melodies,
MILITARY COOKS.
Napoleon's Maxims of War,
Baronet Exercise and Skirmish, Drill,
Volunteer's Field and Camp Bbok,
General Orders,
Warren'a Surgery, ,
School of the Guides.
NOVELS.
Macaria.by Miss Evans,
5 00
Master William Mitten, by Jndgo Longstreot, 5 00
DuncaafAdair, or Captured in Escaping, 1 35
Lady Audlev's Secret, by M iS Braddon,
ft 09
3 50
5 00
3 00
3 00
3 00
f 50
2 00
S 00
3 00
Robert and Harold, hy it F Geuldieg,
Eleanor's Victory, ,
Lea Miser antes I antine,
. St. Dennis,
Jean Valjean,
Raids and Romance of Morgan and Men,
Field and Fireside Novelette,
Silas Marner, by Miia Evans,
The Battle of the Bards
Those Drderins books to be sent per
mail must remit 10 cents extra on the dd!ar
to pay postage. BARNSON & FA BRA R.
july 1-13 Raleigh, N. C