THE CONFEDERATE.
WEDNESDAY, March 16, 1864.
To tlic Public,
A very malicious libol, published at the office of
the suspended Standard, under the auspices of Dr
J. T. Leach and Mr. II olden, has been put in cir
1 at ion. It is styled "Appendix to the Life and
Times cf Duncan K. ilcRae," and is re-production
of slander issued in London by Mr. George
X. Sanders. I hive received a copy of this pub
lication, and ahall act upon the advice of counsel
as to what tribunal I shall look fur justice to myself
and my accusers.
For the public information, however, I may state
that the statement of Mr.Sanders, as adopted by
his associates, is fahse in nioit particulars, and in
others is a perversion of truth.
It is not necessary for me to speak here of the
character of Mr. Sanders ; when it b&omen neces
sary, that character will be fully proved. .
It will appear, upon investigation, that Mr.
Sanders made a contract with the Governor, on
representations which were untrue, and which
contract lA- was wholly unable to execute. That
froro the 1st of March until tHe middle of Jnne I
afforded Liin . every facility in executing it, and
that I only took the negotiation out of his hands
and made the operation myself under peremptory
orders from the Governor; in the proper construc
tion of which I was aided by the advice of Mr.
Mason, Commodore 3Iaury, Mx. De Leon and Mr.
White. Mr. White and Mr. Tfa. Hughes will both
bear me witness, that I conhued the affairs I had
in chargefrankly to thein- -that I frequently ad
vised with them ; that on mot than one occasion
I proposed to transfer the whole matter to Mr.
White, and only refrained from doing so upon the
entreaty of Mr. Sanders for more time, and the
expectations of sueces3 that were daily presented
to our endeavors.
About the 16th of June, as I shall be able to
prove, I received the Governor's letter of date
12th of March, and in conformity with its instruc
tions, I first corsultcd Mr. Mason, to learn from
him whether he bad received any plan " from
the Governor, and then, as Mr. White had not
failed, I proceeded to notify Mr. Sanders of the
Governor's instructions that 1 should negotiate
the scrip instead of Aim. Thereupon, I endeavored
to make a negotiation with Messrs. Collie A Co.,
with whom Mr. White was then dealinjr, but did
not succeed. At this juncture, Mnj. John A. Wes
ton, formerly a merchant of TJaltimore, latterly of
Kichroond. well known to Governor Vfnrehead
and whose reputation ra. well established ta me,
presented me to Mr. llai dii;g, a gentleman of excel
celleat position, and an accountant of first rat
standing; and through him I was introduced to
the parties who made the negotiation. In making
hv contract, 1 selected common roin as the staple
to be sold, taking the advicft of Mr. Hughes who
whs familiar with naval stores and who considered
this the best kind to eil in the inteivtt of tha
State. Infixing the price of the article, I ci
sult.-d the prices current of Messrs. McLean,
Maryse A Co., who Lad done extensive business in
naval stores for North Carolina dealer?. 1 al o
consulted Mr. Hughes on this point, and v as aided
by his opinion.
The contract was drawn by Messrs Cottrell A
5jns, a Irgal firm of irreproachable character. By
the contract, a portion f the fund was to be paid
in cash and the balance in goods at strict market
prices, according to sample.
As soon as the negotiation was completed'
having authority to do so, I employed Major
Weston to act as agent f the State to receive
and disburse the cash, and to receive, inspect and
hip the goods, and the cash was paid to him, and
not a dollar of it was retained in my hands or
li?burs?d by me, except the amount of about
taree thousand pounds, which was refunded io Mr
Collie for the payment of rifles and ammunition p
and their shipment ; for all of which I have
vouchers. I retained a further sum to cover my
expenses, and the amount of compensation th
Governor agreed to give me.
The reason that the affair was not placed with
Mr. White was, that Mr. Sanders had issued
threatening notices that he intended to embarrass
the operation, by. filing an injunction, and other
legal proceediags. I consulted with Mr. White,
and we both thought it advisable not to subject
him to Mr. Sanders annoyance.
Majir Weston, Messrs. Sichell & Alexander, Mr.
Harding and Messrs. Cottrell Sons, will all cou
eur that I hal no interest in the contracts and
bo understanding with the contractors, by which
1 have received, or am to receive a dollar, as a
division of profits on commission, or in any other
wav ; while a comparison of the articles furnished
with those purchased by any other agent for either
Government, will show both in price and quality
that the statement that I have bought at one
price and sold at another, is not only alt; but
impotfible. t
Indeed, after sampling the goods diired and
giving Major Weston the necessary instructions,
I left him in charge of the whole fund, ! questing
him to send his invoices and accounts current
direct to the Governor. It is due to myself to
sv that I have made a most advantageo:,- opera
tion for the State. I have syhr.22is.COo barrels
wf common rosin to be delivered in Wilmington,
the warrants of sale drawing no interest after the
first year, so as to net between SO and Socts. ia
gold, per barrel; and for this exchange I. have
supplied to the State rcady.-made clothing 5,000
suits, through iid through, overcoats and all;
10,000 prs. shoes, caps, blankets and cloth not
made up, and arnie and ammunition that will
reaJily sell at auction for 6,000,000 dollars : and
although I might readily have done so m small
compass, at immense profit, I have not introduced
into the Confederacy an article for speculation.
My only compensation being what the State has
agreed to give we.
The. exchange for a part of this I offered to sell
to the government. When it declined, I t-old to
a friend and invested the proceeds in Confederate
Bonds.
With this statement I dismiss this' in Iter until
my friends shall determine for me what course I
ought to take with reference to so tramton and
alieioua a libel. . D. K. McRAE.
Monday, March 14th.
m
The Govkiinor'9 Council couvened in
this city ornyesterday, pursuant to. invitation
by the Executive. The Hon. A. T. Davidson
was appointed one of the Council, to fill the
vacaucy occasioned by the death of James
tf. Patton, Esq., of Buncombe.
We learn that the Council declined calling
the Legislature together, in extra session, as
the financial necessity was not considered
tifficicntly argent to justify it.
We have heard cf no other business being
reacted.
There is a time, which, Taken at the
y - fclOOd &C.
It happen to a man once . in 'his lifetime
to be the arbiter of his own fortune. If he
seize the opportuaity, he may make for him
self a successful futuresmay perform mi net
of usefulness and virtue, and win the : respcat
and confidence of his fellow-men.
Accident has now thrown Mr. Holden into
that position. If he have the manly qualities,
nerve, decision and j jgrnent, he may extricate
himself from a most unfortunate dilemma, and .
secure again a sound foothold.
, 3Ir. Ilolden is less to blame than many other
for his present position. Evil and selfish
counsels have prevailed to lead him astray.
He has been used for the bad purpose of worse
men than tie is, until they have pushed him
into hU present dangerous attitude, and how,
under the cover of lus exposure, they aro
abandoning and betraying him. Doeto-s t hu
prescribed the medicine, and Lawyers who
drew the deeds of conveyance by which he
has been sickened and sold, now stand aside,
to see the patient die the property take-i
possession of. When Mr.. Holden began tha
"peace movement," he did so at their insti
gation for party ends all being unmindful
how reriously the interests of the nation might
be jeopardized, provided that the administra
tion might be opposed and a party to over
throw Mr. D.iv'i3 might be successfuly built
up. It is very true many, very many of those
who are called Conservatives never joined in
this movement never advised it, and weie
wholly opposed to it. Such men as Mr. Giles
Msbaneof Alamance, Mr. W.lliam B. Wright
of Fayctteville, Mr. Gilmer, Mr. Gorrel!,
Judge Gilliam, Col. B.irnes, M. Q. Waddel,
and a large number of politicians throughout
the Slate. With these gentlemen, the safety
of tho country, the successful prosecution of
the war to independence, were paramount
considerations, and they lost no occasion of
elevating patriotism above the contemptible
policies of party.
- The result is, that these men can look on
with some degree of satisfaction at the em
barrassment of these "lesser lig"hts," who
have stirred up the mass to a point beyond
their own management, conscious that they
had no part or lot in it. But we started out
to indicate to Mr. Iljlden a point of departure
fr.in his present dingers, and a new read,
at the termination of which there 'will he for
him a satisfied conscience, honor and safety.
He folluwed.this peace move to its legiti
mate consequence, lie has seen it proceed
from a comparative insignificance to a com
plex, injurious and hazardous combination,
involving its projectors in the mischiefs which
inevitably result from undue aud illegitimate
opposition to the Government in times like
the present. He has seen that it has subjected
him especially, and his active associates, to
general suspicion and distrust lias given hope
and encouragement to the enemy has con
founded with discontent and gioom our sol
diers, and lias thus rn&iolcd evil ou the country
and prolonged the miseries of war He has
seen. that it has involved him ami them in a
responsibility for the lives of men, fearful to
contemplate and precipitated him and tl.em
upon the very brink, if not into the abyss of
treasonable combinations.
lie is now in a position to pa me. Having
suspended the publication of his paper, he
has ceased to bo the reflex of other views than
his own. Haying become a cand'datc of his
own nomination, he is simply the exponent of
his own " principles and views. " Mr.
Ilolden has seen ft r himself how mistaken he
was ui the supposition that no efforts had beta
made b the Government to secure peace,
inasmuch as the public Lavy be. n assured
that the President has made three distinct
endeavors once by two commissioners, once
by a distinguished efiicer of tho army, and cuco
by the Vice President of tho Confederacy to
reach the enemy and open the door for negotia
tion, or at lea.-t to modify the lienors of war.
Mr. Ilolden is informed of ihe contemptuous
reject ion of these advances
Ti.e publication of tho proceedings of our
late Congress; its solemn address to the world-,
to the enemy included, of our desire for peace
on honorable terms consistent with tho na
tional safety, has given to Mr. Ilo'den. a re- '
newed assurance of the willingness of our
Government to negotiate.
The rejection of a resolution in the Ft derail
Congress favoring peace cn even the basis of
rt construction, and the defiant declaration of
even the peace men there that they will take
nothing short of re-union ; together with the
more flagrant and malignant denunciation of
the war party, of subjection or annihilation,
is ample evidence to Mr. Ilolden of the error
of his policy, its futility and impossibility.
The brutal policy of the enemy in conquer
ed places, his lawless violence and inhuman
outrages, his devastations of territory, his des
truction of property, his felonious purpose of
rapine, burning and slaughter as but lately
disclosed, invoke from Mr. Ilolden an active
ard cordial harmony with and support of
every effort of the Government to set these
plans at naught. On the other hand, the rc
enlistment of our soldiers, their determined
purpose, their indomitable perseverance and
unabated ardor appeal to the universal sen
timent at home, for encouragement, support
and sympathy. Mr. Iloidan, on a calm sur
vey of these facts, enlightened by an observa
tion for himself fnra his new stand-point,
will see in an imposing manifestation the duty
of self-denial, sell-sacrifice, of the subjection,
of individual claims and personal considera
tions, to the all absorbing interests of the na
tion. If so seeing, he shall abjure self,
relieve the excitement in the State by with
drawing his name as a candidate, and give all
his powers to consolidate an undivided pub
lic opinion for the promotion of our cause, he
will snatch ftcm his enemies their most pow
erful weapon of offence ; he will recover the
lost esteem of the good-whose esteem is val
uable' he will rebuke the mean men who
have instigated aDd deserted him, and he will
open up' to himself a career in which he may
walk fearless of assault, because conscience
Will bear no sting.
In the hope that better counsels may pre
vail with Mr. Ilolden, and that he may yet
disappoint his worst foes, we have penned
this article. : ? '
A noble Solder.-A Glorious Death and
Example.
Among the noble lives that were sacrificed
on the altar of their noble countrv at Bristow
Station, Va., on the fatal 14th of October last,
was that of Leut. Paul B. Grter, of Co. E,
Ilfh (Bethel) Regiment, K C. T. He was a
brave and patriotic youth, the son of Mrs.
Margret Grier, a widowed lady of Mecklen
burg county, who had lost another gaftant son
in he service of his country. A few dajTs
before his deathj in reply t his mother reques
ting him to come home on furlough, he wrote
De?vr mother, I desire greatly to visit my
dear home and see you all once more ; but I
cafcnot ask a furlough now, when the call of
our bleeding country requires every man that
can raife an arm in her defence to be at his
post. Important movements are going on,
and soon we will be called on to strike one
more blow for our homes and our fiersides. "
Again he says "NothtDg but the narrow
stream separates the two armies and even
now the disUnt toar of cannon tells me the
the great contest has begun. If I be so f"r
tunate as to escape unhurt and saf you shail
hear from me soon again, but it irf very in
certain. " These were his last wo-ds to his
devoted mother. Seven days after, he fell
gallantly, a noble martr to his country's
cause.
Attending to one's own Business.
The Winston Sentinel would do well to le
rriember Davy Crockett's advice, and " be sure
it is right' before it "goes ahead" in the
voluntary interference in other roen's'matters.
Instead of tha. remarks of The Confederate
coneerniug Capt. Barnett being " ill-advised,"
we assure the Sentinel we were fully pot-ted
up as to the Captain's course, lie not only
saw proper to give Government advertise
ments to a Newspaper that was obnoxious to
the Government and embarrassing its opera
tions, but when Dr. Kixey insisted upon the
advertisement being placed in the columns of
a paper that befriended tho Government, he
made a statement, perhaps unintentionally,
that the facts in ihe caso did not sustain.
We might say much more on the subject
but this is sufficient. We assure our firien l
of the Sentinel, however, that we have satis
factory evidence Of what we have said of
Capt. Barnett, and know more than he is
likely to be informed. of. Our a tide, in the
first instance, was intended more as a hit at
the course of certain officials, ihan sis anything
serious. If our friend Aispaugh will only take
care of the People's Press, we will endeavor
to prevent any difficulty with Capt Barnett.
Demand? against tub Government. It
would be well for people having moneyed de
mands against the Confederate Government
to present the same for payment before the
1st of April. A good m ny have been hold
ing up claims due them by the Government
under the supposition that they would receive
payment in the new issues of the Tre-isury.
All claims due prior to tho first of April will
be paid, no matter when presented, in the
present issue, and if paid after the first proxi
mo, the notes will he subject to a deduction of
S3 3 per cenf. This, we learn, is the decision
of Mr. Metaminger, and people wouid do well
to act ou the suggestion we throw out. Iu
the case allvrded to; nothing is gained by
delay.
The Conscription Act' and Principals.
We add to the list of decisions already
submitted to the public on the constitutional
ity of these acts, the very elaborate opinion
of the Ilijjh Court of Appeals of the State of
Virginia, just rendered in the case of Bur
roughs and others. The law may be now
considered settled. These unanimous deci
sions from other States will cany the force of
precedent; and it Judges Manly and Battle
had liny doubts, they would be solved by
these repeated adjudications. Wo are well
!-sured, however, that this decision of the
law entirely coincides with the opinion of the
two Judges to whom we have referred.
Chief Justice Pearson then stands the sole
dissenter the one juror againt tne obstinate
eleven in his own eminently apt and pecu
liar legal phraseology: "Ballagainst the field
What an indecent spectacle ' is presented ot
these perverted miuds arraying themselves
against light and knowledge.
It is said by some, that Judge Pearson w ill J
resign- - in sheer contempt fur the degeneracy
cf the are.
Suspended.
The public are an-xious to know -which is
suspended the Standard or its Editor. We
answer both. The Editor, now candidate,
is more in suspense thlm the paper; and will
remain s until the first Thursdav of August
on which day he will be cut down.
Gen. Morgan and Lady, with the General's
Staff, passed through this city on yesterday,
en route to Richmond.
"Four of the Yankee prisoners on their way
South from Richmond, made their escape from
the cars on Thursday night last. Keep a
strict watch 1 or all stragglers.
More Arrivals. The following is taken
from the Charleston Courier, of the 8th inst. ;
"Two more swift steamers, with valuable as
sorted cargoes,' mostly on Governaieat account,
have arrired at a Confederate port ia safety."
The First Richmond Raid By Butler, the
Beast.
WTe have received through the courtesy of a
friend, a late number of Wilkes' Spirit of the
Times. It professes to give the origin, the
modus operandi, and the caries of failur? of
Butler's scheme for the capture Richmond, tho
seizure of the Confederate au'hori ties, the de
struction of Government buildings, the plun
der of property, and the release of the Federal
prisoners. Iu its article entitled How Gen
eral Lincoly scared the Confederates at Rich
mond," it deals out -to the "jocose " harlequin
who rub the Yankee people and the Yankee
Irish and Dutch army, some hard blows, at
tributing to him the lase motive of .subordi
nating the interests of h's country to his plans
fur re-plectixn. It says lie (Lincoln) strangled
Fremont, shoved Pope cue side, plucked But
ler from the Gulf and hampered Banks by an
unpopular policy. If old Abe has really
been guilty of these meritorious acts, it is not
to be wondered at that the females'4 in charge
of the North Western Fair of the Sanitary
Com missiot. . Chicago," should have desired to
have on exhibition tho original shirt worn at
, the inanguratioMf.f this cuil us 44 snerimeu of
humanity." We leave him, his injured subor
dinates, the females and the shirt, ail in the
mess in which they. have. put themselves, and
'proceed to put the public in pos-ession of the
plan cf Butler, the arranganients lor its exe
cution, and its defeat.
The Yankees sem to have found out that
the standing garrison of Richmond v;is alut
five thousand veterans, who were moved back
and forward between Richmond and Gen.
Lee's army, as occasion ii quired," and about
eight thousand irregular militia. That tho
furthest fortification towards the Peninsula ex
tended three miles from Richmond, garrisoned
by a single company from Richmond. That
the m st extended picket squad numbered
twenty-five cavalry at Bottom's Bridge, with
a desert and sparsely inhabited country inter
vening towards Wdiiainsburg. in advance of
their movement, Buder discovered a ford be
low the Bridge, well covcVed and not guarded.
The plan was to .cross this ford and out the
t'.legraph lines. Twenty two hundred picked
sabif.s were telected for the raid, and tlu ma
terial of the expedition put in charge of Geu.
Wistar, and Gen. Meade was instructed to
make a feint for the 'purpose of diversion.
The preliminaries were accomplished ; two
scouts sto'e across the ford and cut the wires,
and Mlvde's army made a feint very much to
Ihe diversion of a portion of Gen. Lee's army,
t very Utile to their own diversion. We now
gie the summing up of the enterprise in tho
Yi.okee's own language :
44 This feint operated in Richmond as had
bf cn expected, for all the regulars were ordered
from th-1 iiiy to the North, and the rebel
capitol, not dreaming of the danger that was
sweeping up from the Peninsula, had its
eys fixed on the Rappahannock. Never
before had the insurgeut stronghold heen in
such vital peril. Our iufmtry .which left
Wiilianihbnrtr on Saturday morning (6th inst.)
for its forced march, were followed by the cav
alry in four hours afterwards, which from
greater rapidity were to piss ahead, aud
atter leaving about four hundnd at the bridge
were to descend like a whirlwind on the eiiy,
early Sunday morning. The programme
then was to release the Federal prisoners, seize
the Confederate authorities, and burn the
ar-enals, dock-yards, rams, public building!!
and commissariat,. We would th-n b in a
position, alter having armed our released men,
or passed them to lear with the Conl't derate
authorities, to hold or. to 'abandon the city, as
prudence might advise. It was thought
doubtful, however, whether, after we had
acquired possession of the city (had that 1 e3T
our fortune), it would have ly en ncisstry to
abandon it, tor Lee, with his cotnmunicatio.is
cut and his commits oiafr. destroyed, '.would
have f-.und it necessary to havese ecmj a new
base and, i:i-tead of ven.uring o Richmond,
with an army striking at his rear, would, .f
necessity, have fallen back hy the way of Dan
ville, and made good his retreat to North
CaroUt a." '
4 Now let us inquire why the expedition
failed ; and, in doing this, we are called upon
to trace the history of one of those unlocked-'
lor circumstances which baffle the best-laid
plans, and which are utterly beyond the reach
of human foresight or precaution. And thus
we come to the part winch General Lincoln
played in the campaign. "
It happened that, while the expedition w is
iu its early stage of preparation, a drunken
reprobafe, named Boyle, who belonged to a
company at Williamsburg, became mutinous,
and, with drawn pistol, resided an arrest.
His captain, with the view of -soothing him,
advanced before the guard, and appealing to
Boyle, kindly asked him to trust to his koovn
good wilt, and deliver tin ihe pistol. But the
brutal fellow warned him back, aud seeing,
him still approach, lowered the weapon on
his breast and deliberately shot him dead.
The miscreant was at once secured : in d ie
time, he was condemned by a court-martial
to be hung, aud General Butler, iu his charac
ter of revising (nicer, approved the verdict,
aud fixed the day of expi atio i. Pending the
jugment, however, and its execution, some
is.fiucnces, which are not yet ascertained; wi re
brought to bearou General Lincoln, and the
murderer was granted a reprieve. On thc
night of the movement from William. burg
agaiust the. rebel capital, the Irish sentinel-,
who had Bovlein charge gave him his liber
ty, and he fled with all the. speed of fear
toward the rebel lines. Immediately on reach
ing the Confederate pickets, he asked to be
taken before the superior authorities. To
secure cenfideuce in hid sincerity, he acquain
ted his listeners with his crime and sentence;
aud, iu addition to the details iu regard to the
massing of bur troops, informed them that he
I, ad bteo imprisoned where he could over
look our magazine, and ohat for several days
previous to his escap3, we had been accumu
lating at Williamsburg vast quantities of
ammunition.
' The alirm bells of the city wre rung ; the
home guard gathered; the veterans dis
patched to Lee were ordered J back ; and
the result was, that when AVistar's cavalry
presented themselves at Bottom' Bridge,
expecting a clear field and a rapid ride to
Richmond, they found themselves confronted
on the opposite bank of the Chickahominy
with two batteries and a force nearly equal
to their own. We could bav giveu battle,
and perhaps hav forced the ' river, but the
success ef the main object depended on sur
prise, and that was lost. A slight skirmish
followed during thr evolutions for retreat, and
the expedition relumed, to exp.se Geuernl
Butler temporarily to the unjust sneer from
the lips of the disloyal, of another military
failure 'He left, behind him-however, a
wno.osome tromnm.g in ii:e . nearts or i c wbat A dosc! I,. common with a v:,st mm
Confederates, and if he did nothing more, he ; . . , . . v.
has al' least, fleeted a permanent reduction of I btr of tr,e "hl peple of Norta CoVina,
P
Lee' army of several thousand men, wlrch
must now he retained for the protection of
th'eir capitol. We consider the reprieve of
Boyle, therefore, a m attt-r of the greatest grav
ity ; and we feel that the country will agreo
with ii" in"the opinion, that a full and frank
disclosure should made of all the infhienres
which were brought to hear upon the yielding
nature of the President t betray him to this
extraordinary and untimely act."
Wej in in the demand that there 5ho Jd
Q a thorough invest rju'ion i:Jo the reprieve
of Bovle. The Confederacy h;ts an interest in
this investigation but for this ill-advised
move on the part of that wirc-woi king and in
trigueging politician at the Wjiite House in
Washington, at d Grrf. Wistar and his twenty
three hundred picked sabres would ceitainly
h tve got tn Rich moral. That we have Iv.vn de
prived of the ph-asnrc of their presence, is a
just cause of complaint.
.And all done without doubt to keep Butler
from bring Pre.ddctit.
The next on to Richmond was by Kilp.it
rick ar.d D ahlgr en, with the enlarged object
of destruction to t e effected by turpentine and
.o.diumby assassination, sacking and rava-je.
Let us hear ho v the amiable Lincoln inter
fered to hiiMieV th's how he participate! in
the j'ist retribution which betel Dahlg eon.
Wc see men every day, from various por
tions of the StrTc, men of ail the old political
parties, and receive communications by every
mail ; not from politicians, but from the jlain
men, as -Mr. Ilolden is wont to call them ; and
all tell one tale of his portion as a candidate.
In this town, if men arc i be rlievcd rmi
what thev'sav, Ids chances are m-ajne slim
to the most attenuated shape. All that we
havest Hnt all that otjr c orresp v. dents disclose,
indicate that Mr. H-dden as an I'M i tor, and
Mr. Ilolden as a ear dtte, are quite two
pc pie. With the cr-pption of a few of the
mos1 ultra and unq-iestionahle dye, the p p;j.
lar voice is against, him. It is a great mistake
to supposo that Mr. Ilolden ever was strong
before the people. In a'l his contests he has
been a drag a burden very heavv to carry,
on whatsoever hick he has been put. If he
would take the advice and example of those
who have had a similar experience, ho will
abandon being a candidate arid go back to
tho desk editorial. Oiet'uh'jof what he has
done against the inter sts of the country, had
it hesti devoted to her caiiie, Would have
handed his name to p ste:ity iu immortal
honor aud it is not yet too late.- L':t him
scru thoe who have instigated and then
deserted him turn hi ' back upon them if
uec'ffsary, expose them- and he will sow seed
in good ground, that will bring forth 44 thirty,
t-ixty, an hundred fold.'
We are glad to learn that C-pt. P. F. Little,
ofthe52dN. C. R'-gtinent, was among the
exchanged prisoners recently arrived under
flag of truce, but by so ne means his name was
milled in the list of returned i ffkers. Cjpt.
Little was wounded at the battle of Gettys
burg, and on' recovery vras incarcerated at
Fort McIIenry. While there he says lie was
the recipient of the most maiked kindness
from the Ladies of Baltimore, whom he rep
resents as true fiiends to the South as are to
be found anywhere in " Dixie." We con.
gtatulate the gallant Captain on his return to
his cause and country. lie passd through
this tity on a visit' to his home, on Fr.day
night last.
- -
The Mr. Ilolden curreuey is being rapidly J
funded in no pi r cent. bonds,at a thousand years,
coupons detached. The rapid diminution of this
circulating mcilium produces a wonderful sen
satiou. Leading holdeis of this currency t and
Brokers w ho had speculated in it largely, hare
closed upon the n.arkeUnd neither sell or btijt
of i t. The only citculatior. it has n ;W, i in the
payment of Attorney's fees in casts of ILibeas
Corpus aud many of them refuse t j take it
any more. Indeed, what is left or it is in the
hands of Principals, Ma ors, 0 facers of Home
Guards, J. P'a and a Tow Millers and tlv.se
holders ar; in the highest state of exciti-msiit,
because of an opinion just' received from an
eminent Judge, that the whole Usue always
was counterfeit, and ueither currency nor
bouds will ever again he transferable.
Gov. Bnowjt or Georgia. The telegraph b$
hind time. On Saturday evening a little before
sundown, we received from the Telegraph office
in this city, a gynopeisof Got. Brown's message
to the Legislature of Georgia, which was printed
ia the Wilmington Journal of Friday and in the
Richmond papers of Saturday morning Can
the operator here, or Col. Thrasher, explain
why it was 25 or 30 hours behind time in reach
ing Raleigh ? . Something is wroDg, and we hope
Col. Thrasher wHl look into it.
Of the mesenge itself, as the WiVming'on I
Journal remarks, Got. Brown is .evidently "on
the rampage." Nothing pleases the old gen
man. Every thing done ds unponititutiocal, evea
although it constitutionality has been sus
tained by the judiciary of his own State. The
worsl about Governor 'Brown is his squabbk
someness and occasional dogmatism ; the best
is his. sturdy patriotism and real hard-working
energy. ' ...V .
Appointment. Gen. E. Kirby Smith has
been made a full General by the President,
under the Act of Gmgress authoriainj an ad
ditional appointment '
In Mobile the military authorities hare
closed up i ho stores of. those who refused
larre bills. We a'dvive the pephV not to al
low themselves tj be made the victims of
aharpers rpurchase at little as possible.
Bureau of Medicine.
It is baa enough at any time to be oblig-d
to go into a Doctor's shop ; but when one Ins
to enter a Drug establishment, that i at tho
same time n imlitical bird's nest ugh!-
we woti'd like to know what on earth do.
the State of Xorth Carolina keen tip n sepa
rate Hospital establishment for, wit's it IVjy.
side accommodations ? If any othereviJcncj
in 'the world were needed of its uselesvHs,
it U at hand in th fact th.it Surgeon Gen
eral Warren found time hang so litxles o;i
his hands, tint hi lack of amusement, sonvj
thit g to while away the dull and li:le-4
hour had to he supplier! by a camhdacy h r
C .ng!e. Ih colleetio.1 is fresh of his Cir
cular of !at fall, and his run agiiast Mr.
Smith in the Pirst Ditrii t. It i true, ahn t
eve ry day see advertisements of how S:rj.
A. B., aud Assistant Surgeon II. (;. , j (
meet at , as au Kx. Board, M,rr..;.!,
Ei ward Warren, Surgeon GincraP and
under this notice theo hard-worked Diet r
sail almut one way, ;md fly ab ut another,
and ride about both wajs, spreading disei.--j
and pestilence through the ln' Tit 1 louts
Guard wo. dd le much better Krvcd (what
there will be left of ihetn after. the new la-,
of Congress) if some oh! stationed Do.m r f
tho vicinage, who knows the habit. and con
stitutions of the applicants for exempt: n,
were employe.'! to examine in Ids c unity.
Many a time a fellow who would be exempted
by these strange Bureau officials wh-.i hawr.'t
time to study out hs case, could be pofc't'l
vi) for a'l the set vice that will-bj got utu . f
him, if the -firmly Dutor, who ha l-er-n in
thj habit of "keepiug him at what he is at'
wee called in to attend tj his appUciti vi.
A little hollyhock r-mt, or some zncu horh-s,
or some light mixture, won hi fetch maiy a
one, if.the old Doctor had hold of W., ivhu h
!o-k the very pictcr of hat i tho d iv t!..
Examining Doctors ,re noratcii to he a coming.
i IU '.mo? hi r he rrybuxiwss hi thr Stt-g-j "i
General's Department i tb dispitoh ihumi
ger oicu.a month the army. Tun, w
admit, i important; but w: w, U su.'gct
two pvrso-is, who. undr the ?all .t' tne Gov
ernor, would undertake to carry t:crvh.it
r. !y tobesmt. Walter Thompson and (..
Utley, both of whom have experience, and
know how to make their way, and both ,,f
whoia the soldiers would always he glad to
s- e. The Subsistence DepiNmont could t
the UxB together, and there is no ciii!; y
necessity f,.r a Surg-on Generals Bureau f..r
the transmission of boxes. . Indeed, the Im
press Company has volunteered the Sun en
General oufof the way.
But then there are socks tube sent. Socks'.
how is this to bo managed, excrpt y a de
partment of Surgeon General 1 Why nothing
easier. There are many elderly ladies in indigo:. t
circumstances, who would fake charge of tho
Sock Dep.irtmcut, and vivo it perhans ;.s
much attention as a whole bun-a i of Doctor. ,
It is not to be supposed that a patriotic gen
tleman, like Dr. Johtnon, would have giv. :;
up .this cfficf, if he had seen tha. it La!
enough usefulness to employ his attu.Jion.
Indeed, wo have heard it as his op:ni m, t!r;t
thecfiioj was unnecessary. Having no politi
cal offices to run after, and being eminently
qualified in every particular, Dr. 7ohna
would have assured to the public both tie
necessity of the oflice, and its faithful mil
valuable occupancy.
But the public arc not 8o s-itihd, whe't
they Nee its chief officer tilt out ou a canv., ,4
fur Congress when they hear that they jr
indebted to- much editori d from the Bureau.
By the way, we have beu in receipt for seve
ral days of c mtnuuications, with no name,
the hand writing of some of which rw think
we know, (none ia th.it of the Surgeon Geii)
suggesting that Governor ViMce and Mr.
Hidden he both induced to withdra.tr, and a
new man helccted agreeable to all. Wo
have nothing to do with the curse of tl.vco
two candidates. The eommunieatiom arc
misdirected. We can't ad visa. If they wore
to do so, wo are free to sy that home of th'i
names wuuld suit us very well. Gens. A. M.
Scales, Gen. Ransxn, or Hoke, Clingman f,r
Gordon-, or Col. Garrett, or Cols. Cox, cr
Grimes, and many others of our gl -rious mili
tary leaders, (though, wc are satisfied neither
of them would leave the army,) and Mr. Gil
mer, or Mr. Mebane, or Wm, B. Wright, or
Thus. S. Ashe, and man' men of the Ccn
ftderatejdrty whom wc could name, would
honor the State, if selected. But weare ah j
forced to say, that we would piefir Mr.
Ilolden also to many men. Wc- would vota
(if obliged to vote) for him or Governor Vraice,
or both of them, in preference to tho Surgeon
General. This is a matter iff political taste,
but it is ours; and beiug asked, the public
are welcome to it.
.Tho Four Per Cent. Bonds
There is much mquiry as to a correct un d r
stand in g of the nature and uses cf the Four
er cent. Bonds We give the following brie f
and plain statement, which we find ia the
Richmond Enquirer of Friday :
1. Not befng held February 17, 1804, thty
are not taxed in 1864.
2. They are receivable at their fie, with
out interest, in" payment ef alt Government
dues payable in IBGo.
Z. .They are payable in twenty yrar, v'it!
.interest in January and July. After this' year
if taxation continues high, the debt thus fun
ded will not bt interest-bearing against th
government.""
4. They aye registered bonds not coupon
bonds and not negotiable by delivery, but
I . Ir!:niirt.r im the books cf the Treasury
t- J
Deoartment.
" C. Until the bonds .ro hsucd, certificates
are given.
0 '
m